His date gives a thumbs up, mouths SOMEONE Mayer, and rushes inside. 
SOMEONE's date hugs her. 
A Castle Rock Entertainment Production. 
Behind SOMEONE and her friend a flyer reads Friends with Benefits. Now the web designer rides in an airplane. A flight attendant 
flirtatiously close. 
She jerks his seat up and turns away. 
In a hired car, SOMEONE uses her cell. 
She changes clothes. 
As the driver eyes the building, she changes her top. 
Now at the airport, she approaches a driver holding a name card. 
She takes the card and writes SOMEONE on the back with lipstick. As the web designer walks through a sliding door, an air gust blows the sign from her hands. It lands on a baggage carousel. 
She chases after it. 
She removes her shoes, climbs up on the conveyer, and runs past suitcases. 
SOMEONE notices her handing a man a suitcase. 
She trots down to the other end of the carousel, hopping over bags. 
She and SOMEONE both reach for her sign. 
Now they sit in the car. 
He hands her an iced green tea beverage and goes inside. SOMEONE takes a sip, then spits it out. Rinsing her mouth with water, she spits again, nearly hitting a passerby. 
As we peer out from the lobby through its glass doors, day becomes night. SOMEONE leaves the building. Seated at a nearby cafe, SOMEONE springs to her feet at his approach. 
As he checks his phone, she suddenly puts hers away. 
He turns away, staring at his cell. 
She pouts and lifts her brow. 
She starts across the street, but SOMEONE remains on the sidewalk. 
Later they sip drinks at an intimate table. 
They share a smile. 
SOMEONE walks by. 
He bumps into the table. 
He hugs SOMEONE. 
Later on a sidewalk. 
They reach a gyros stand. 
Now at a partially open security gate. 
SOMEONE rolls underneath. 
SOMEONE follows suit. Now SOMEONE leads him up a stairwell. 
She carefully swings her legs over a security gate at the top and strides onward. SOMEONE opens the gate and steps through. Now SOMEONE leads him through a door. Both clutching their gyros they step out on a high rooftop overlooking Manhattan. 
They walk to a corner with a view of the Empire State Building. 
Later they eat. 
SOMEONE's chewing slows and he averts his 
SOMEONE steps away. 
She sits down. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE lie back side-by-side. 
They move through a crowd. 
SOMEONE halts. 
Nearby a man holds up a boom box while another starts break dancing. The crowd parts for them. 
Two other dancers join the first. All three strike stylized poses and nod their heads in unison. As they move into a Broadway style dance number, young people approach from all over the crowd. The performers slump down. 
As they spring up and break into another set of moves, the dozens of young people join them. SOMEONE looks around bewilderedly. 
He spots a huge monitor broadcasting the flash mob. 
She raises her arms and waves them in unison with the dancers. 
The dancers lean over and back up, edging close to SOMEONE and SOMEONE. 
They bend over, too. The dancers straighten and point skyward. A forward leaning pose radiates from the back of the flash mob. 
The boom box holder stands erect among the participants, as onlookers watch delightedly. The dancers straighten and raise their arms skyward, some with jazz hands. 
They clap along as they converse. 
The dance concludes with a flourish. 
On a plane, he talks with someone. 
Now at night, a New York City cab drops SOMEONE off in an urban neighborhood. 
He gazes about, full of wonder. 
He grabs his bags. 
Later he enters a sleek apartment, decorated in grays and browns. SOMEONE drops his bags. He steps past a black granite galley kitchen and descends into a sunken living room. A gift basket of bed sheets includes a note, SOMEONE, welcome to NYC. In case you shit the bed. Excuse the expression. Best, SOMEONE. SOMEONE runs to his bed and vaults hard on the mattress, jamming his shoulder. Now at GQ. 
SOMEONE removes the door from its frame. 
A fit balding guy greets him. 
He strokes SOMEONE's cheeks. 
He starts off, then backtracks. 
SOMEONE peers off, stunned. Later, as he works, SOMEONE enters his office. 
He shows her a web video of a woman dunking her breasts in cake batter. 
Another shows the Time Square flash mob. 
The rows of dancers form the GQ logo. 
SOMEONE takes a look at the inch-thick stack of documents. 
Later in a corner diner. 
He gets a call from SOMEONE. 
They share an amused smile. 
Later SOMEONE opens her door to SOMEONE. 
Later they play virtual table tennis. Now SOMEONE and others stick playing cards to their foreheads. 
His reads Curious SOMEONE. 
Playing Jenga, SOMEONE intentionally topples the block tower. SOMEONE swigs beer, then passes out. SOMEONE graffities his face with marker. At GQ he notices traces of the graffiti. Now as SOMEONE holds up a lipstick sign at the airport, she sees SOMEONE's GQ flash mob ad on a kiosk. She photographs herself with it. At home SOMEONE grins at her email. At a party they view a canvas that features industrial looking stenciling. 
SOMEONE passes out. As SOMEONE draws on her face, the marker leaves no apparent lines. 
SOMEONE now addresses three executives. 
As she dims the lights for a slideshow, glow-in-the-dark graffiti shows on her face, including eyebrows, the word Loser and cat whiskers. SOMEONE rubs her nose. Glowing ink transfers to her hand and she gawks.  
Now in a movie, SOMEONE and SOMEONE co-star. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE watch together. 
In the movie, the leading man runs with flowers. 
SOMEONE watches SOMEONE lip sync every word. 
SOMEONE drops the flowers and kisses SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE share a hansom cab. 
They both swig a beer. 
In shorts and a tank top SOMEONE bends over to clear some clutter. Her cute butt mesmerizes SOMEONE. 
He watches her rear as he is sitting on the couch. 
SOMEONE steps away then return. 
He puts his hand on the virtual Bible. SOMEONE adds hers, and SOMEONE tops it. 
They peer closely at each other. 
He cups her bosom. 
She walks away. 
They get undressed. 
With her back to us, she faces SOMEONE and ditches her bra. 
SOMEONE drops his briefs. We view his bare butt, SOMEONE his front. 
Now they fall back onto the bed, making out. 
He pulls a shaggy teddy bear out from under the sheets. 
She grabs his head by the hair, pulls his head to hers and pinches his tongue. 
Now SOMEONE shuts her eyes ecstatically. 
SOMEONE surfaces from the bed sheets then gives her a smug smile. 
He flops down beside SOMEONE. Now she dives under the sheets. 
He makes an Oh-face. 
SOMEONE emerges from the 
She kisses him. 
They flop down beside each other. 
Now at the GQ offices, SOMEONE compares to cover mockups, one featuring SOMEONE, the other President Obama. 
SOMEONE goes to a waiting area where SOMEONE sits. 
They greet each other with a 
Now the two stroll past artists. 
Central Park, each avoiding the others' gaze. 
SOMEONE gestures for her 
An artist holds up a sketchpad. Now SOMEONE clutches a caricature of him and SOMEONE, as they burst into her apartment, kissing passionately. 
They collapse on a chair. 
Undressing her he spots a dog tattoo. 
He shows his own tattoo. 
A series of images show SOMEONE and SOMEONE having sex on numerous occasions. 
Now they watch a Mets game in their underwear. 
They high-five, slap hands, and bump chests. SOMEONE leaps into SOMEONE's arms. Later they have sex in his bed. 
Now they make out on a couch. 
At another point he wears his socks in the shower with her. Now she lies on top of him. 
They chew gum as they have sex. 
Their legs flail awkwardly under the covers as he rolls on top of her. 
In her bed, SOMEONE lies with her back to SOMEONE as their hips ungulate. 
SOMEONE totters naked to the bathroom with one hand cupped over his crotch. He leaves the door open as he steps out of view. In bed, SOMEONE puffs out a breath, then frowns. 
She shrugs and taps her abdomen. Looking into the bathroom, she finds SOMEONE sitting on the toilet. 
She starts to lie down. 
She sits up again. 
The doorway shows one of SOMEONE's legs jerking upward. 
He leans over awkwardly, bracing a hand on the bathtub. 
He finishes and returns to the bedroom. 
He dashes bare ass back into the bathroom. Now he stretches his legs. 
A naked SOMEONE joins him in bed. 
She grins and they start to have sex. An older woman saunters in. 
She hugs SOMEONE. 
She eyes SOMEONE's crotch. 
SOMEONE leaves the room. 
He carries her shoes past the 
Now SOMEONE plays basketball. 
He passes the ball high and SOMEONE jams it into the hoop for a slam-dunk. 
Later he dribbles and passes to SOMEONE who shoots and scores. 
Later they sit at a SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE leaps over a railing, separating the peer from the water. SOMEONE dashes over and finds him in a motor boat. 
SOMEONE drily lowers his 
Grinning SOMEONE puts on sunglasses then speeds of across the water. Now in her living room, SOMEONE sits on the floor in front of her mother, who arranges her hair into a chaotic mass of thick braids as they drink wine. 
She joins SOMEONE on the sofa. 
Her mother hugs her. 
SOMEONE eyes her hair in a mirror. 
Now SOMEONE and SOMEONE remove their jewelry as they lie in his bed in their underwear. 
Her gaze grows pensive as her 
some friend leans over her. 
They pick through clothes, strewn about the room. 
Now in Central Park they carry sandwiches 
Bethesda fountain. 
He hands SOMEONE his sandwich. She looks on as he approaches the beauty. 
SOMEONE rolls her eyes and looks away. SOMEONE shakes the beauty's hand. 
SOMEONE smiles and spreads her arms as he rejoins her. 
He knocks the sandwich out of her hand. Later. 
She heads over. 
She pauses to shoot SOMEONE a glare before reaching the stranger. 
He waves cordially at her friend. 
SOMEONE looks around then waves back. 
She rejoins her friend. 
They high-five. 
On her date. He mimes surgery. 
He pretends to peek under the patient's sheet. A waitress brings the check. 
SOMEONE covers his eyes with her hands, then removes them. 
SOMEONE lays a sympathetic hand on SOMEONE's. 
Now a lunch date. 
She gets a text from SOMEONE. It reads, How's it going with Stares at Trees? @ GQ. 
SOMEONE gets a photo message showing SOMEONE with SOMEONE. 
Now SOMEONE makes out with SOMEONE on her couch. She falls back and smiles at him, meaningfully. 
He moves in for another kiss. SOMEONE lies back and he leans over her. 
She switches off a lamp. 
A woman snarls amorously in his ear. 
In short shorts she straddles his leg. 
As SOMEONE picks up his cell phone, his date lifts his arm, smells his armpit and licks his tricep. SOMEONE puts the phone to his ear. 
She grins, licks her fingertip, and strokes his ear. 
The woman plants kisses down his lifted arms toward his armpit. Moving his sleeve aside she sniffs deeply. 
She exhales in SOMEONE's face. He raises a finger, gesturing for her to pause. She demurely backs off. 
The woman runs her fingers through his hair as he ends the call. 
She takes SOMEONE's hands and pounds them against her chest. 
Now sunlight shines on SOMEONE's hair as she sleeps, spooning with SOMEONE on her sofa. She wakes and gets up groggily. Clad in a T-shirt and panties, she digs behind a sofa cushion, pulls out her cellphone. The display shows SOMEONE's photo and she 
She finds SOMEONE conked out on her bed. 
SOMEONE pulls on cut-off jeans shorts. 
With a bra in one hand, she open a door and glances at him. 
As she shuts the door he stirs and stretches. 
Now SOMEONE arrives on the sidewalk. 
SOMEONE buys coffees. 
SOMEONE spies SOMEONE on the move, buttoning his shirt. 
She jogs over with the coffees. 
She drops his coffee in a trash bin, then marches off drinking her own. SOMEONE stares after her. 
He goes. Later she visits SOMEONE as he packs for his trip. 
SOMEONE presents a large graphic art canvas, featuring a rider on a horse. In one corner stenciled letters follow the @ symbol with ftail. 
SOMEONE glares, then paddles her feet on the bed. 
He grabs her ankles. Later SOMEONE arrives home with the painting. 
She sets it down and crosses her home. 
Heading back through the kitchen she spots a hand scrawled note posted on the fridge. It reads, SOMEONE, sorry, back to Cleveland with Lombard Victor, xoxo, love mom. SOMEONE digs her cellphone from her bag and photographs the note. On his way to a cab, SOMEONE receives the photo. 
Now beyond Griffith Observatory's Hilltop, downtown L.A. spans the horizon. An aerial view glides over rows of houses, boats in a marina, and a freeway interchange. SOMEONE occupies a window seat on a plane, SOMEONE's on the aisle. 
Two young girls in front of them look at SOMEONE. 
They turn away. Now we float over Hollywood, then track a car on a meandering frontage road boarded by luxury homes. We arrive at an upscale Oceanside neighborhood. 
SOMEONE gets their bags. 
They enter a friendly stylish home where open double doors reveal a beachfront patio. 
They go out to the patio. 
He hugs a boy in a tuxedo. 
SOMEONE produces a flame from his fingertips. 
His sleeve bursts into flames. SOMEONE and SOMEONE remove his jacket. 
A tall blond woman arrives. 
SOMEONE high-fives them and goes. 
She lifts him in a hug. 
by the ocean, SOMEONE kisses her father's cheek. 
As his father goes inside in his shirt and skivvies, SOMEONE shoots a look at SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE escorts SOMEONE down to the beach and SOMEONE goes inside. Later the two friends throw stones at the curling waves, then trot off over the sand. At night, SOMEONE and SOMEONE sit on the patio, looking through a photo album. A fire burns in a nearby sandpit. 
SOMEONE goes inside. 
Later, SOMEONE checks on SOMEONE who reads in bed. 
He unties his bathrobe. 
He peels it back. 
Everyday math for dummies. Now the friends drink wine and dance around the room. Later SOMEONE kneels on the bed and swigs from the bottle. Later still, as he snoozes, she dips his hand in a glass of wine, then hides. He wakes and rushes out, holding his crotch. As he returns she pops up. 
Now they lounge in bed, barefoot. 
She catches SOMEONE smiling fondly at her. 
He shyly zips his 
SOMEONE gives a wry, knowing smirk, and sets his wine aside. Facing SOMEONE again, he finds her staring longingly at him. Holding his gaze, she leans in, lays a hand on his chest and plants a tender kiss on his lips. SOMEONE kisses her back then gives a 
Her lips coyly brush his. 
Cradling his head in her hand, she draws his mouth to hers again. SOMEONE's hand slides down his chest. 
SOMEONE slips her hand beneath his robe. She pushes it open, caressing his chest and looks up at him coyly. 
They lock gazes. 
Playful smiles fade. 
SOMEONE leans close, bringing her lips to him. 
SOMEONE's hand brushes under her hair and his gentle kisses grow more impassioned. 
Later he lies on top of her as their mouths meet in a series of light caresses. 
With SOMEONE between her legs SOMEONE brings one leg toward her chest. 
Now he rests a hand on her heaving chest as he plants kisses along her thigh. 
Later they lie beneath the sheets as they kiss with mounting intensity. As SOMEONE lies on his back, SOMEONE plants a row of kisses down his abdomen. His hand caresses her back. 
Now the two gaze into each other’s eyes emotionally as their lips brush. Later SOMEONE lies on top of SOMEONE, regarding him with a tender smile. 
He draws her into a kiss and their interlocked hands drift off the mattress. 
Later, SOMEONE's leg pokes out from under a sheet. 
SOMEONE's arm lies draped across his stomach, her hand to his, as she sleeps with her 
SOMEONE slumbers. 
In the hall, SOMEONE groggily walks into the Saw a Woman in half box. 
SOMEONE wakes. 
As his sister limps down the hall, SOMEONE looks at SOMEONE, who slumbers on. 
He gingerly removes her hand and sits up. 
He slips out of bed without waking her and pulls his hand. 
SOMEONE glimpses SOMEONE sneaking out of SOMEONE's room in his robe. 
In the morning, SOMEONE, SOMEONE and their dad have breakfast on the patio right in front of ocean. 
Mr. SOMEONE lets SOMEONE take his 
SOMEONE's sleeve dispenses coffee. 
SOMEONE bows, then leaves. Smiling SOMEONE wipes the corner of SOMEONE's mouth. SOMEONE and Mr. SOMEONE just 
He aloofly sips his coffee. SOMEONE's smile fades. 
Now on jet skis. 
The two riders cruise by floating kelp. Two dolphins swim near. 
At night, they all dine by a marina. 
He angrily pushes away from the table and stands, then trips and falls. 
A stranger tries to help. SOMEONE intervenes. 
SOMEONE keeps his hands off and looks helplessly to SOMEONE. Their dad walks away. 
SOMEONE gives SOMEONE a parting caress then hurries after her dad. SOMEONE uneasily notices diners staring. 
SOMEONE rubs SOMEONE's back. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE hike a city overlook.  
The Hollywood sign stands tall downhill of them behind a fence. SOMEONE climbs the fence. 
He gives the cameras a thumbs up. 
An airborne view orbits the huge white letters. SOMEONE and SOMEONE dangle their legs from the second O. 
A helicopter rises in front of them. 
SOMEONE stares at the chopper. 
Later a newscast shows SOMEONE. 
They fight for the remote. 
Now SOMEONE lies in a long box. 
As SOMEONE leaves, SOMEONE, and SOMEONE enter. SOMEONE ducks completely inside the box. 
SOMEONE stares. 
SOMEONE steps out toward the beach. SOMEONE slouches then follows. 
Left alone, SOMEONE lifts away a top panel of the box and climbs out. She replaces the cover, glances outside and jogs out of the room in the opposite direction. 
Nighttime. SOMEONE and his family occupy four of the five chairs around the table. 
SOMEONE enters the room. 
SOMEONE steps over to SOMEONE. 
She leaves the house. SOMEONE gawks at his family and shrugs. 
He shakes his head and hustles after her. SOMEONE glances tentatively at their dad. 
SOMEONE returns to the dining nook. 
He retakes his seat at the untouched 
spread of wine, salad, pasta, and bread. SOMEONE takes a resigned breath. 
SOMEONE smiles. 
His smile fades and his eyes grows wide. 
In New York City, morning sunlight washes across the horizon of buildings. In an airport concourse, SOMEONE walks sadly within the flow of travelers. Later she enters her apartment. 
She checks her cellphone. A text from SOMEONE reads, Get home okay? She exits the screen and puts down the phone. Now at GQ SOMEONE works at his desk. SOMEONE arrives in his open doorway. 
In another office, SOMEONE reads up on Chelsie Shallenburger on her laptop. 
An IM comes in from her mom. So sorry I bailed last weekend, can I please come back? 
SOMEONE sends a cell call from SOMEONE to her voicemail. 
Now SOMEONE and her mom play the table 
Her mother sees SOMEONE's face on SOMEONE's cell display. 
SOMEONE ignores the call. 
SOMEONE gives her daughter an unassuming glance and plods away with her drink. 
SOMEONE picks up a game controller. 
She talks into it like a microphone. 
Now on a busy sidewalk, SOMEONE tries calling. 
The glass face of his smart phone reflects 
A steeple and high-rise behind him. He turns to look at the actual structures. Now SOMEONE peers out from the rooftop overlooking Manhattan. SOMEONE joins her. 
As SOMEONE strides away, SOMEONE 
nonplussed in the stark sunlight. 
A nearby security guard sees 
At night, SOMEONE cries as she crosses a street. 
Now the SOMEONE and SOMEONE movie plays on SOMEONE's TV. 
SOMEONE swigs a beer watching their screen kiss. 
Now SOMEONE gets a call from the office. 
She hangs up and speed dials a number 
She hangs up and strides out of the lady's room. Later at GQ, SOMEONE marches over to SOMEONE's office. He's not there. 
She indicates her nose. 
At the photo shoot. 
Male models pose with sports items held in front of their flesh colored jockstraps. 
Topless females join them. 
He takes SOMEONE aside. 
As she leaves, SOMEONE frowns to himself. SOMEONE directs a Caucasian male model. 
An Asian male model spreads his arms as the other man holds him horizontally. 
That night, SOMEONE walks into his kitchen, throws down his bag and turns on the lights. He gets a beer from his windowed refrigerator. As he goes to open it, he notices the note he received with the gift basket of sheets. SOMEONE, welcome to NYC. In case you shit the bed. 
SOMEONE faces his reflection in a window. 
Now SOMEONE and SOMEONE sit in Central Park together. 
Sitting side-by-side on a boulder, they hug. 
Now SOMEONE waits at the airport. 
Through a wall of windows he watches his dad get pushed up a boarding ramp in a wheel chair. SOMEONE follows and meets them at the gate. 
He approaches a hostess at the airport restaurant. 
SOMEONE turns away and finds his father gone. 
Returning to the hostess stand he peers inside the crowded restaurant, then proceeds inside. 
He finds his father hanging his trousers over a railing, then sitting down at an empty table in his shirt, jacket, and boxers. SOMEONE frowns. As Mr. SOMEONE casually opens a menu, his son trudges over. 
SOMEONE takes a heavy breath. Patrons at the nearby tables begin to stare. A man and woman trade a sober look. Standing frozen to the spot, SOMEONE narrows his eyes. 
He removes his shoes, pulls out a chair at the table, and takes off his own pants. 
Later the father and son eat lunch together in their boxers. Mr. SOMEONE notices a young woman using her cellphone outside the restaurant. 
She walks away obliviously. 
As the other patrons look over at Mr. SOMEONE again, he lowers his befuddled gaze. SOMEONE studies him. 
Mr. SOMEONE snaps out of his reverie and takes a few deeps breaths. 
He gestures to his head. 
He sees SOMEONE's somber face. 
His son hangs his head. Mr. SOMEONE stares at him with a knitted brow. 
Now SOMEONE uses his phone. 
His dad bumps into SOMEONE and drops his bag. 
SOMEONE bumps into him. 
He indicates SOMEONE,then himself. 
He tucks a loose lock of hair behind Shaun's ear. 
Now traffic comes to a standstill where seven lanes merge into two. 
SOMEONE sends a text message. 
Now he and his dad speed across the Hudson river with SOMEONE in his boat. 
SOMEONE makes a phone call on his cell. 
That night in his apartment he gives his father his business card. 
He eyes a copy of GQ. 
He passes a guy in the kitchen. 
Akron, central  terminal. 
The bustling crowd around SOMEONE suddenly stops and dances. 
In her apartment her mother smiles. 
SOMEONE looks at the stairs and sees SOMEONE standing there. He shrugs at her. 
The people in the flash mob stop their frenetic jumping and square off. 
SOMEONE mouths the lyrics. 
He beams. The flash mob performs a choreographed routine. 
Watching the dancers twirl their partners all around her, SOMEONE allows an emotional smile. SOMEONE stands watching her. 
He comes down from the stairs and walks closer to her. 
He takes her hand and leads her to a balcony, overlooking the ballroom dancing flash mob. 
He kneels before her. 
He stands facing her. 
The flash mob freezes mid dance. 
He cuts her off with a deep, passionate kiss and lifts her off her feet while the performers remain perfectly still below them. With their lips still pressed together, SOMEONE opens her eyes and smiles. 
The members of the flash mob abruptly disburse as if they're just commuters going about their business. 
SOMEONE wipes tears from her big almond shaped eyes. 
Outside, a horse drawn carriage waits at the curb. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE cross the street to Pershing Square Central Cafe and have their date. 
SOMEONE jogs after the hurrying stilt-walker. 
Still in his Uncle SOMEONE jacket and beard, the young man races across a building's roof. He halts at its edge and eyes a police van below. 
At ground level, SOMEONE sprints past the burning parade float. On the roof the young man scampers one way then races back the other way with SOMEONE on his tail. The rugged man chases his target to the roof's edge where the young man leaps off. SOMEONE follows. They land on the police van, then hit the ground hard. Police surround them. 
SOMEONE hands an officer his badge and ID. 
SOMEONE gingerly gets to his feet. 
SOMEONE grabs the young man and cuffs him. 
The officer cuffs SOMEONE. Now, SOMEONE steps off an elevator - phone in hand - and strides past a reception desk. Golden letters behind it read, Daily News.  She passes a colleague. 
SOMEONE eyes SOMEONE's rear. 
SOMEONE enters a newsroom. As she heads to her desk, a mustached man watches her shapely bottom. SOMEONE finds a print-out of her mugshot taped to her computer. 
A sticky-note reads, Don't forget court tomorrow. Mr. Ed. 
The mustached man sits by her. 
Meanwhile, police officers mingle at a bar. The bartender answers the phone. 
SOMEONE jots on a coaster. 
In a stall, SOMEONE hangs up. 
She claps her feet together. 
As she bursts out of the stall, SOMEONE exits a different one. 
She leaves. SOMEONE grins at the mirror. 
He plucks a tissue from a box. Later, SOMEONE strolls across the roof of an apartment building. 
Reaching a corner, she leans on a railing and peers over the edge. She shakes her head. 
She takes her phone from her bag and answers it as she returns to the roof's corner. 
At a spa, SOMEONE talks on phone. 
Nighttime at a police station, a man in a sport coat approaches a jail cell. 
He shows a badge on his belt. An officer releases SOMEONE from the cell. Now, SOMEONE and his police friend eat at a diner. 
As SOMEONE chomps into a taco doused with hot sauce, his friend swigs a coke. 
SOMEONE drops his taco on his plate. 
Now at a courthouse, a man uses his phone. 
A cab pulls up. 
She answers her phone. 
He hangs up. 
the judge follows SOMEONE's gaze to the closed double-doors. 
Meanwhile, in the parking lot of a Dunkin' Donuts and a Baskin Robbins plaza, 
SOMEONE sits in his car, nervously tapping his steering wheel. He glances over his shoulder and blows out an impatient breath. 
A man smashes his window with a crowbar. 
He pulls SOMEONE out of his car. 
He shoves him into an SUV. 
As he slams the door, a cab pulls into the parking lot. SOMEONE climbs out and sees the chiseled stranger speeding away in his black SUV. 
She frowns. Now, in another neighborhood a portly man exits the front door of a house with an adjoining storefront. 
He opens a gate. As he follows the sidewalk, he roots around in the pocket of his cargo shorts and pulls out a set of keys. Stopping at the storefront's glass door, he unlocks it and heads inside. A sign on the window reads, Sid's Bail Bonds. The portly man flips on the lights and finds SOMEONE asleep, sprawled across a leather loveseat. 
SOMEONE groggily opens his eyes. 
SOMEONE sits up. 
Later, SOMEONE packs his station wagon. 
He reaches for his pocket. 
He hands SOMEONE a folded piece of paper. The bounty hunter opens it and finds SOMEONE's mugshot. 
He meets SOMEONE's gaze. 
SOMEONE grins. 
SOMEONE does a dance. 
He hugs SOMEONE. 
He kisses him. 
SOMEONE takes the check from SOMEONE's red-headed assistant and gives her a long, deep kiss. 
SOMEONE takes it from his mouth and puts it in hers. 
Now at his place, a freshly showered SOMEONE grins at his reflection in a bathroom mirror as he brushes his teeth. Later, he packs a Taser and two guns into a bag. He heads outside. 
Now, he rings SOMEONE's bell. 
He jiggles the locked door. 
SOMEONE scales a wall and lands in a muddy flowerbed. Tracking footprints, he enters SOMEONE's apartment through a back door and eyes her tasteful decor. 
As he strolls into the spacious living room, SOMEONE notices his muddy footprints on a light rug. With a grin, he steps to the side dragging his foot and tracking a long smear. In the bathroom, he drops SOMEONE's toothbrush in the toilet, then places it back in its holder. In the bedroom, he lounges on SOMEONE's bed - his muddy shoes on her duvet. He snacks on a pile of nacho cheese Doritos, spilled conveniently within reach. 
SOMEONE deletes saved episodes of Weeds and 30 Rock from SOMEONE's TiVo. Meanwhile, SOMEONE keys into a clean white front door. As she enters, SOMEONE freezes on the bed and glances toward the hall. Chewing Doritos, he tosses down the remote and wipes his mouth and hands on a pillow. 
SOMEONE searches a small pink-tiled bathroom. SOMEONE draws his gun and creeps into the hall. 
SOMEONE peers around a corner. 
SOMEONE skulks down the stairs. 
SOMEONE defensively grabs a picture frame and presses her back to a wall by a white-trim doorway. 
As she turns the corner, SOMEONE reaches the white door frame at the bottom of the stairs. They both turn the corner. 
SOMEONE scares a cat. 
SOMEONE aims his gun at SOMEONE. SOMEONE's at a completely different address. 
Back at her place, 
SOMEONE aims at SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE cocks his head. 
the cat hides under a chair. 
SOMEONE frowns. 
he swigs juice from a carton. 
SOMEONE smiles. 
SOMEONE's grin vanishes. 
SOMEONE grabs the phone and hits redial. 
He hits the disconnect button. 
Now, in SOMEONE's pink-tiled bathroom, SOMEONE searches a vanity then picks through dirty laundry strewn around the tub. She finds a bar coaster in a pair of jeans. A note on the back reads, Audit Evidence Depository. Missing shit. 
Now, on her cell, she crosses the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge. 
SOMEONE exits an evidence locker while on his cell. 
Now, SOMEONE leaves SOMEONE's building. As he gets into his car, SOMEONE creeps outside and scurries over to a red MINI Cooper. 
Now, a bird's-eye view shows SOMEONE's car exiting a tunnel and approaching a toll plaza. Later, the baby blue ragtop crosses the bridge. 
Later still, it drives beneath an overpass sign reading, Welcome to Atlantic City. A billboard, featuring SOMEONE's mother, reads, Kitty Borgata. 
Now, we glimpse lavish buildings housing Atlantic City's hotel casinos. In a lounge, Kitty stands in the spotlight on a stage. 
SOMEONE enters and smiles. 
Shading her eyes, Kitty peers out at him, he waves. 
She slaps him. 
Kitty gives him a big hug. 
she slips off her pumps. 
SOMEONE brightens. 
At a racetrack, people crowd the stands. An older woman rubs sunblock on her bare arms. A young woman in a flowered hat eyes her tickets. Jockeys ride their horses toward the starting gate. The race begins and the animals burst onto the track. Two young women cheer. Sitting alone on a long bench, SOMEONE thoughtfully pieces through her collective notes, which include the coaster. 
She digs her cell from her purse and answers. 
Standing near a corral, SOMEONE grins. 
SOMEONE finds SOMEONE sharing her bench. 
He affects a nonchalant shake of the head. 
SOMEONE's brow nits distrustfully. 
SOMEONE looks away, shifting her wary gaze then frowns at him again. He smirks. 
Standing, he steps before her. 
SOMEONE smiles and shakes her head. 
She starts to go. His leg blocks her. 
A race starts and SOMEONE runs too. 
She hurries up an aisle. 
The horses race down the track. 
SOMEONE rubs his hands together, inhales through them, and dashes off. 
As SOMEONE trots through a picnic area, SOMEONE sprints through a lobby. Emerging outside, SOMEONE finds him blocking her path. 
She runs off the other way. We glimpse the racing horses' legs, SOMEONE's high heels, and SOMEONE's sneakered feet. At a concession stand, he cuts SOMEONE off and offers popcorn. 
She bats it away and flees. On a patio, SOMEONE intercepts her. 
She passes him. 
SOMEONE's four-inch stiletto heels carry her out to a drop-off area. 
She approaches two rows of waiting cabs parked along a curb. SOMEONE's convertible arrives, blocking them. 
SOMEONE gets out, steps in her path, and draws a gun. 
She brushes past him. 
As SOMEONE swaggers over, she tensely faces him. 
He steps in close. 
Finding herself head to head with her ex, SOMEONE backs up a pace. 
He hefts her over his shoulder. 
She slaps at his back as he carries her to his car. 
He pops the trunk and dumps her in. 
SOMEONE hurries toward him. 
In the trunk, 
she smacks the lid. Her ex-husband backs the car up then pulls away. SOMEONE watches helplessly. 
He rushes off. Now, a storefront sign reads, Blue Ink Tattoos. 
Inside, SOMEONE's captor readies a needle. 
Duct tape holds SOMEONE's head in place. 
His captor waves the needle in his face. 
The chiseled thug blinks. 
At Sid's Bail Bonds, Teresa chews gum as she strolls to the phone and answers it. 
SOMEONE checks his cell display. 
SOMEONE takes the incoming call. 
The thug holds him at gunpoint. 
She hits her head. 
The thug flips SOMEONE's phone shut. 
Outside, the thug makes a call. 
Reaching his SUV, he ends the call and gets in. He sets down a newspaper article featuring SOMEONE's name and photo as the credited writer. 
In his car, SOMEONE notices smoke wafting from the back. 
Later, he pops the trunk. SOMEONE throws the flare aside and punches SOMEONE in the crotch. He chases her down the shoulder then tackles her. 
Now, In Atlantic City, a storefront sign reads, Souvenirs, SOMEONE's Gifts. The hulking goateed guy, SOMEONE, arrives sporting two black eyes and a gash across his nose He heads inside and lumbers to the rear. 
He enters a dingy backroom where bookies work at stations along a table. As he arrives at a desk, an aging blonde swivels to face him. 
SOMEONE shifts his sheepish gaze. 
At night at a gas station, SOMEONE sits handcuffed to SOMEONE's passenger door. 
SOMEONE washes the windshield. 
She gives a resigned shrug. 
SOMEONE imagines Teresa chewing her gum and popping a bubble. 
He replaces the gas nozzle. 
He leans on his open window. 
Later, Atlantic City's hotel casinos gleam in the night air. SOMEONE works his jaw driving his blue convertible past them. 
She offers him a wad of cash. 
She studies him skeptically. 
She smells the cash. 
SOMEONE pouts then licks his lips. 
Later, he unlocks her handcuffs and lets her out of the car. 
Now, from his MINI Cooper, SOMEONE sees SOMEONE's car arrive at the Taj Mahal Casino. 
With SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE checks his phone. 
He hits a button 
In the casino. 
Now, SOMEONE drives into the Taj Mahal parking lot. 
Out of his car, he creeps up alongside SOMEONE's Delta '88. 
He knocks on the trunk. 
He presses an ear to the trunk and listens. 
He opens the driver side door and pops the trunk. 
He finds it empty. 
SOMEONE looks on. 
He points at the car. 
SOMEONE slams SOMEONE's head against the trunk. SOMEONE crumbles. Now, at a craps table, 
he shows her the dice. 
SOMEONE frowns. SOMEONE quirks his brow at her. 
She reluctantly purses her lips and blows on the dice. 
He rolls a seven. 
A croupier's hand nudges a tall stack of chips toward SOMEONE. Later, SOMEONE blows on the dice again. 
She gawks and SOMEONE points excitedly. The stickman returns the dice to him, a croupier adds two more stacks of chips to his winnings, and SOMEONE and SOMEONE both blow on the dice. 
The bounty hunter rolls a seven. 
SOMEONE fans herself nervously. 
The croupier awards SOMEONE two more stacks. Now, SOMEONE blows on the dice repeatedly. 
SOMEONE cheers throwing her hands in the air. 
She starts off. 
He grabs her. 
He shows the dice but she keeps her lips together. 
The stickman eyes SOMEONE, who throws the dice. 
He rolls. 
Later, in a hallway. 
Now, they enter a spacious and eclectic suite. 
SOMEONE weaves past boldly upholstered furniture. 
She admires the chic lamps and mod accessories. 
He cuffs her to the headboard, plops down their bags, and heads out. 
As he stalks out, she flings a vase after him. 
Trapped by the handcuffs, she plops onto the bed. SOMEONE struts out of the room and presses an elevator call button. He rubs his hands together then primps in a mirror. 
He boards the elevator, presses a button, and snaps open the check from Teresa. 
He kisses it and the elevator closes. Later, it opens revealing a disheveled SOMEONE clutching a drink. His shirt half untucked and his collar sticking up, he staggers out and drains the glass. 
Now he stumbles down the hall, leaning against a wall for support. The drunken man takes a rest then hobbles forward and bends over his door lock. He disappears inside. 
In the bedroom, SOMEONE lies asleep. Her handcuffed arm leaning vertically against the headboard. SOMEONE eyes her, swaying, then sets his gun on the nightstand. 
Later, on his side, he turns off the light. 
He flops onto his back fully dressed and in his shoes and scooches around getting comfy. 
Later, SOMEONE's eyes spring open. 
Raising her brow, she looks around thoughtfully, then sits up and peeks over at SOMEONE. Just past him, she spots his gun on the nightstand. 
SOMEONE lies on her back then rolls toward him, 
sliding the handcuff along the top rail of the headboard. 
She props herself up on her hands and knees then inches closer and reaches for the gun with her free hand. 
Her fingers fall short. She tips off balance but catches herself before landing on top of SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE braces herself on the headboard, digs her feet into the comforter, and makes her downward facing body as stiff as a board. 
She carefully straddles SOMEONE. 
He drowsily opens his eyes. 
She musters a smile. 
She playfully smacks the headboard. 
She cranes her lips close to his. 
He raises his gun in front of her face. 
She rears back. 
She climbs off. 
She turns her back to him and punches her pillow. 
He eyes her, smiling. 
Daytime. A mural on a slim, brick building bears SOMEONE's name. SOMEONE enters the back room with a pizza. 
SOMEONE raises a golf club to let Ray pass. 
He leads SOMEONE into a grungy bathroom where SOMEONE sits handcuffed to a pipe. 
SOMEONE hands SOMEONE the golf club. 
SOMEONE hits him. 
Now, in the suite. 
SOMEONE finds herself alone. 
A maid enters. 
She peeks into the bedroom. 
SOMEONE glances at the handcuff. 
In the bathroom, SOMEONE steps out of the shower, tucking a towel around his waist. 
In the bedroom, SOMEONE zips up SOMEONE's satchel. She tugs at the handcuff then hunkers down and winds up swinging the bag. 
She flings it across the room. 
It misses the ottoman and lands on the floor. 
In the bathroom, SOMEONE looks up. 
As he opens the door, SOMEONE lies down and mimes a yawn. 
She sits up and looks around. 
She points at the handcuff. 
He unlocks her. 
Massaging her wrist, SOMEONE strides to the bathroom. She sees SOMEONE following her. 
He glances at her low-cut top then ogles her. 
She shrugs theatrically and enters the bathroom. 
He steps up to the doors. 
In the bathroom, SOMEONE takes SOMEONE's Taser from under her skirt. 
She turns it on. 
She tasers him in the neck. SOMEONE convulses and crumples. SOMEONE skips over him and grabs her bag. 
Later, at the elevators, she presses the call button. 
One opens behind her and she hurries aboard, shoes in hand. Another elevator opens and the chiseled thug strides out. He glimpses SOMEONE as her elevator closes. He quickly presses the call button. 
as the thug searches for her a pedicab pulls up. 
SOMEONE hops into the shaded seat. 
They ride away. 
SOMEONE looks in her bag. 
The driver checks her out. 
SOMEONE looks off and gives a half-wince, half-smile. 
Later, SOMEONE pedals the stolen pedicab by herself. 
The teenager chases her on foot. She rides down a ramp. Now, in the hotel suite's bathroom, SOMEONE awakens on the floor. Holding his head, he sits up. 
Later, an aerial view shows his baby-blue Delta driving away from the Taj Mahal. Behind the wheel, SOMEONE eyes the two-inch red SOMEONE on his neck in the rear-view mirror then touches it and winces. 
Now, SOMEONE struggles to pedal down a highway. Cringing, she leans wearily over the handlebars. 
SOMEONE spots the pedicab from a block behind and gives a vengeful smile. 
SOMEONE spots him and scowls. She pedals faster. 
He drives up and taps the back of the pedicab with his bumper. 
SOMEONE gapes. 
SOMEONE accelerates and taps her again. Several other vehicles speed past them. SOMEONE drives up close behind her then backs off. SOMEONE pedals exhaustedly then halts, slumping. SOMEONE stops inches behind her then scoots forward and bumps the pedicab again. 
SOMEONE sneers. A sedan passes them and she climbs off the bike. 
She grabs up her purse and glares at him, then stalks around to the passenger door and reaches for the handle. 
SOMEONE backs up. 
He shifts into park and raises both hands innocently. SOMEONE glances around. She treads back to the door, her eyes locked on SOMEONE's. 
As she reaches for the handle, the car lurches forward. 
SOMEONE winces, stifling tears, then stares off. SOMEONE eyes her churlishly. 
Her lips tighten and she shakes her head, looking skyward. 
She claps a hand to her mouth. 
SOMEONE glances away. 
SOMEONE brushes her hair out of her face then sobs into her hand. 
He shifts the car into park, gets out, and faces his ex-wife. 
She stays put. Her posture wounded and childlike. 
He knits his brow. 
SOMEONE tugs on the door handle, which sticks, then gives. 
She climbs into the seat and slams the door shut. 
SOMEONE looks over his shoulder and spots a billboard in a field. 
It reads, Cupid's Cabin and shows a picture of a bed and breakfast in a Victorian style mansion. 
The bounty hunter purses his lips. 
He shuffles back alongside the car. 
In the passenger seat, SOMEONE wipes her eyes then rests her forehead on the back of her hand, hiding her face. 
SOMEONE sheepishly opens his door and takes his seat at the wheel. 
He glances at SOMEONE. 
He backs the car away from the pedicab, steers around it, and drives off. 
Now, SOMEONE leads an elderly man with fuzzy hair into the grungy bathroom. 
SOMEONE rests his leg on the toilet. 
The man takes out a giant syringe. 
The vet jabs the needle into SOMEONE's neck. 
Now, in SOMEONE's car, SOMEONE rides with one wrist cuffed to the door. 
SOMEONE spots a luxury pick-up in her side mirror then eyes it over her shoulder. 
SOMEONE aims the rear-view mirror at it. 
The pick-up pulls up beside them. 
As the chiseled thug aims a gun at them from behind the wheel, SOMEONE jams her foot on the gas pedal. SOMEONE veers onto the shoulder, then into oncoming traffic on a one-way street. The thug shoots at them from the parallel two-way road. 
Drawing his gun, SOMEONE returns fire. SOMEONE cowers. The pick-up swerves onto the one-way street and jams itself alongside the Delta, mangling the convertible's headlight and SOMEONE. The vehicles separate. SOMEONE bashes the pick-up and takes aim. 
As they speed forward, shoving against each other, SOMEONE spots an SUV headed straight for the thug's vehicle. 
Swerving, the chiseled man bursts through construction barricades then ramps up a stack of barricades and launches into mid-air. The pick-up lands on its roof and skids across the two-lane road. Reaching a grassy field, it tumbles onto its side. SOMEONE pulls over. 
She wrenches her cuffed arm. 
He gets out and surveys the damage. 
As SOMEONE jogs toward the luxury pick-up, the thug wriggles out through a window on the other side. Nearing he vehicle, SOMEONE slows and aims his gun. 
His assailant gets to his feet, using the pick-up as cover. 
The bounty hunter ventures toward the vehicles tail-end and the thug edges around its front. SOMEONE arrives on the other side and finds no sign of the gunman. 
Turning back, he finds himself aiming at SOMEONE. 
She clutches her door's broken-off inner panel. 
On the one way street, the thug yanks a woman from her mini-van, gets in, and speeds off. 
SOMEONE gawks. 
Later, they search the pick-up together. 
He opens the covered bed. 
He finds a golf bag. 
She hurls the cup at him. 
SOMEONE climbs out. 
SOMEONE notices a tag. 
SOMEONE glares then yields a smile. Now, SOMEONE's ragtop follows a winding road toward a mansion perched atop an immaculately landscaped hill. At the mansions entrance, they surrender the car to a valet. 
Inside, a pristinely quaffed woman works a reception desk. 
Her red painted lips primly stifle an excited smile. 
They follow her through the lobby. 
The woman frowns. 
The woman scowls suspiciously. 
SOMEONE smiles tightly and SOMEONE shakes his head. 
The couple steps out back and wanders through a festive picnic. 
He walks her to the party's edge. 
They find some caddies. 
One rumples his lips then flees. 
He scurries down some steps. 
SOMEONE gives chase. 
The caddy leads him down a hill and across a grassy driving range. The bounty hunter frantically dodges golf balls as they whiz toward him. He leaps over one then ducks another. One ball buzzes low over his head and a fourth whips past his nose. As he leaves the range and runs onto a green, SOMEONE drives up in a golf cart. 
Elsewhere, the caddy peeks out from a sunken sand trap. 
The caddy crawls out from hiding. 
As he holds the flag for putting golfers, SOMEONE spies him. 
SOMEONE steers the cart in the caddy's direction. The young man spots them and his polite smile fades. 
Dropping the flag, he dashes over a hill. 
Cresting the rise, the cart speeds toward a pond. 
SOMEONE leaps out, tackles the caddy, and tumbles with him into the water. 
The out of control cart plunges in beside them. 
SOMEONE dunks him. 
SOMEONE dunks him again. 
He shows his tattooed chest. 
SOMEONE swaps looks with SOMEONE then releases the caddy. 
Now, at the tattoo parlor. 
she pulls her hair back. 
He plucks it from her neck. 
SOMEONE digs out his cell and holds it up. 
He answers it. 
SOMEONE frowns uneasily at SOMEONE. 
He ends the call. 
In the convertible 
at a turnoff, they pass a sign reading, Cupid's Cabin. 
Later, they face a three-story Victorian style house with a wrap-around porch. 
A curly-haired woman answers the door. 
A chubby man arrives. 
SOMEONE smiles sadly at SOMEONE, who gives a nostalgic nod. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE muster smiles. 
SOMEONE stares, her features frozen in a thoughtful gape. 
The older woman gawks. 
Nighttime. In frumpy clothes, SOMEONE and SOMEONE dine on a patio. 
He eyes the adjoining building. 
They share a warm smile. 
SOMEONE drops her gaze, fiddling with her silky honey-brown hair. 
She shrugs a hand. 
SOMEONE lifts his brow. 
Looking away, she shrugs again. 
SOMEONE blinks at her. 
SOMEONE regards him thoughtfully. 
He gives a boyish half-smile. 
She raises her champagne glass. 
SOMEONE follows suit. 
They tap glasses. SOMEONE sips his sparkling wine with a knitted brow. 
SOMEONE's smile fades to a tight smirk. 
SOMEONE gives a sad shrug. 
Resting her cheek against her hand, SOMEONE shakes her head and gazes skyward. 
SOMEONE looks away then faces him defenselessly. 
SOMEONE tearfully tightens her lips. 
Now, the two stroll down a hallway lit cheerily with glass-shaded lamps. 
SOMEONE pauses to eye an inscription on one of the doors. 
Reaching another door, they find a lavender heart-shaped sign that reads, Bliss in rosy cursive letters. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE chuckle at the frilly placard then share a warm lingering gaze. 
SOMEONE starts to open her mouth, then shakes her head and smiles. 
Staring at her intently, he nods. 
As he unlocks the door, he steps in close and leans his face toward hers. 
SOMEONE opens the door, revealing a narrow four-post bed on a lavender carpet. 
Table lamps cast their soft glow against the rosy wall. 
SOMEONE gestures her inside and SOMEONE precedes him. 
At the Borgata lounge, Kitty takes a phone call. 
SOMEONE drops by. 
SOMEONE accepts a tray. 
Checking SOMEONE's wallet, he finds their wedding photo. 
It shows SOMEONE and him beaming as bride and groom. 
SOMEONE faces SOMEONE, who waits in the hall. 
He shuts the door. 
SOMEONE moves from the door, his eyes fixed on the photo, and his lips parted. 
she slugs back an entire cocktail and gives a bracing twitch of the brow. 
SOMEONE and Teresa talk. 
SOMEONE enters with his kids. 
SOMEONE picks up the phone. 
SOMEONE smiles. 
SOMEONE hangs up then stares at her reflection in the mirror. 
SOMEONE lights candles around the room and pops a CD into a player. 
SOMEONE peeks out from the bathroom. 
His back to SOMEONE, SOMEONE hangs up. 
His ex-wife returns to the bathroom unnoticed. Now, she steps out wrapped tightly in a bathrobe. 
She avoids SOMEONE's gaze. 
Marching to the bed, she blows out a candle on a bedside table, turns off the CD player, and hurls some pillows to the floor. 
She throws down more pillows until only a few remain. 
She blows out another candle and climbs under the covers. 
Lying on her back, SOMEONE closes her eyes then sneakily peeks one open. She watches as SOMEONE blows out more candles. He snuffs the last one with his hand. 
He pops a candy into his mouth and climbs into bed fully clothed. He scoots up against SOMEONE and folds his arms. 
SOMEONE eyes him as he chews. He glances over and she looks away. 
He closes his eyes. 
She climbs out of bed and grabs a blanket then swipes the pillow out from behind SOMEONE's head. 
He bumps the headboard. 
As he winces, SOMEONE throws the pillow at his face. She settles onto a window bench. 
Closing his eyes, SOMEONE folds his hands behind his head. 
From the bench, SOMEONE turns and glares at him. 
Later, she wears her own clothes as she slams the suite's door. 
SOMEONE stirs. He finds himself cuffed to the bed. 
SOMEONE jingles the handcuff keys. 
She leaves. 
SOMEONE yanks on his cuff secured tightly to the headboard. 
As SOMEONE races out the door, SOMEONE frantically yanks on the headboard. He breaks off the top and falls back onto the bed. 
Now, as he rushes outside, SOMEONE pulls his car out of the drive. 
Still attached to the headboard, he chases after her. The convertible speeds away. 
He watches as it disappears around a corner. 
Meanwhile, at a gas station, SOMEONE opens his trunk. 
He plucks a SOMEONE from the garbage bag full of cash and heads toward a convenient store. 
SOMEONE halts, gives Ray the finger, and steps into the store. Ray spots SOMEONE's car as it rides by. 
At cupid's cabin, as SOMEONE stands on the front stoop, SOMEONE shuts the door. 
SOMEONE watches as a black luxury sedan pulls up to the porch steps. A young couple climbs out and he approaches the driver. 
As the couple heads up the front steps, SOMEONE climbs into the car and peels out. 
Meanwhile, SOMEONE drives SOMEONE's car. She spots a storefront with a Pink awning. Its psychedelic sign reads, Blue Ink Tattoos. Now, inside the tattoo parlor, SOMEONE strolls to the counter where a woman with a Mohawk and multiple piercings works. 
The woman glances at her. 
SOMEONE frowns. 
A bald tattoo artist eyes SOMEONE. 
She struts toward him, hand on her hip. 
She grabs her breasts. 
She frames her pelvis with her hands. 
She runs a hand down her thigh then pats it. 
The tattoo artist eyes SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE turns to the tatted clerk. 
Now, SOMEONE sits in a chair in a small room papered in tattoo designs. 
He draws a curtain. 
SOMEONE sits. 
SOMEONE's eyes widen. 
Sitting beside her, SOMEONE leans back and smiles. 
With a wave, SOMEONE hurries through the parlor. 
Brushing her hair out of her face, she peers over her shoulder then casually heads to the bathroom. 
She opens the door, steps inside, and waits briefly. Glancing around, she creeps out of the bathroom and makes her way up some stairs. Now, she opens a door to a wood-paneled entry way. She cautiously checks over her shoulder then tiptoes inside. 
Seen through another doorway, an office chair sits at a desk with a giant mural of a snarling tiger behind it. 
A red and black bowling shirt hangs on the back of the chair. 
SOMEONE scurries into the office. 
She sifts through a stack of paperwork then sits at the desk and rifles through files and drawers. 
Swiveling in the chair, she spots a framed photo of a bowling team. In it, SOMEONE and SOMEONE pose with two teammates. 
A caption reads, Police Bowling League. 
SOMEONE looks around then sets the photo back on a trophy shelf. 
Scanning the office, she follows the sound around a corner and finds a louvered door locked by a deadbolt. She undoes the lock, opens the door, and finds SOMEONE inside. His mouth and wrists duct taped. 
Downstairs, SOMEONE enters. 
Upstairs, SOMEONE cuts tape binding SOMEONE's wrists. 
SOMEONE leads SOMEONE out a side door then rushes back in, grabs the bowling photo, and hurries out. SOMEONE enters through the front door, spots the open closet, and draws his gun. Looking inside, he finds it empty. 
They race down the street. Meanwhile, SOMEONE makes a call. 
they get in SOMEONE's car. 
SOMEONE's thugs sit in back. 
They brandish their guns. 
SOMEONE shrugs at SOMEONE. 
As SOMEONE scrambles out, SOMEONE gawks. With a parting glance, SOMEONE sprints away. 
SOMEONE frowns at Ray. SOMEONE lets his head lull back. Now, SOMEONE spies his car in a nearby parking lot. He pulls in. A mural of two widespread female legs flanks the hot-pink back door of a strip club named, Double D's. SOMEONE climbs out of the borrowed car, satchel in hand. 
He checks his phone and flips it open. 
SOMEONE approaches a purple and white muscle car. 
Inside the strip club, SOMEONE eyes his phone. 
Outside, SOMEONE shoots the lock of SOMEONE's trunk and opens it. 
He finds the garbage bag of cash inside. 
He answers his phone and casually leans on the open trunk lid. 
He slings the garbage bag over his shoulder. 
SOMEONE enters the club. 
SOMEONE hands SOMEONE the cell. 
SOMEONE watches SOMEONE with her captors and hangs up. 
SOMEONE watches as the two thugs escort his ex-wife through the strip club. 
They stop at a neon restroom sign and she heads inside. 
In the bathroom, SOMEONE's shoulders sag. 
Across the club, SOMEONE watches the thugs unnoticed. He answers his phone. 
Outside the restroom, SOMEONE tosses cash at some patrons. 
SOMEONE hurls cash at the dancers onstage. 
As SOMEONE tosses bills to patrons and employees, the thugs try to grab the cash from their hands. SOMEONE empties the garbage bag on a pool table then runs onstage with more money. 
SOMEONE pushes people from the pool table. 
He punches a guy. SOMEONE finds SOMEONE in the restroom. 
A brawl breaks out in the club. 
Back in the bathroom, SOMEONE stares wistfully. 
He leads her through the chaos. At the pool table a formidable pole dancer piggy-backs SOMEONE. As Ray shoves her off, she grabs a bottle. 
The woman smashes it on SOMEONE's head. 
He falls. Ray faces the dancer. 
She knocks him out. 
Now, in the police department. 
In the ragtop, SOMEONE ends the call and glances at SOMEONE. 
The convertible speeds down a street and through an intersection. Now, in the depository building, SOMEONE packs evidence baggies filled with white powder into a brown paper bag then rolls the top down. 
Outside, the Delta '88 sits parked across the street. 
A dark sedan drives around the corner of the depository and pulls into a parking spot. 
SOMEONE's at the wheel. 
SOMEONE slumps. 
They lock gazes then watch SOMEONE enter the depository. 
Inside, SOMEONE exits a freight elevator. 
SOMEONE shifts his confused stare. 
Downstairs, SOMEONE and SOMEONE enter through a main door. A clerk behind a cage-wire barrier addresses them. 
SOMEONE sets the paper bag down. 
The men shoot at each other. SOMEONE grabs the clerk through a window. 
The clerk hits a button on his desk. SOMEONE opens a nearby gate. 
SOMEONE releases the clerk, who grabs a phone. Now, SOMEONE creeps up a stairwell, his gun drawn. SOMEONE follows. Later, they exit the stairwell. 
SOMEONE fearfully trots up and hides behind SOMEONE. 
He glares toward her feet and she mouths, Sorry. 
As SOMEONE surveys their surroundings, SOMEONE takes cover behind a pillar. 
He irritably waves her over. 
A view through tall shelving units crammed with evidence shows the couple prowl forward. 
As they sneak, SOMEONE taps SOMEONE's shoulder and he wheels around with his gun. 
Blood stains the freight elevator and they glimpse a fallen man's feet. As SOMEONE skulks off, SOMEONE and SOMEONE slink toward the elevator and find SOMEONE bleeding inside. 
They hurry over. 
SOMEONE swaps looks with SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE stalks off, gun raised. Back in the elevator, SOMEONE looks to SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE glares at him. 
Out among the industrial shelves, SOMEONE creeps past aisles. 
SOMEONE hides at the end of one unit and watches SOMEONE creeping by. 
Back in the elevator, SOMEONE points at SOMEONE insistently then creeps out. 
In the depository, SOMEONE prowls down an aisle. 
He aims his gun around a corner and scans the vacant shadows. 
SOMEONE minces up to a shelving unit and peeks around it. 
Elsewhere, SOMEONE ducks low then skulks forward. 
SOMEONE sidles down an aisle, grabs SOMEONE's shoulder, and jabs his gun against the bounty hunter's neck. 
Hidden, SOMEONE spots them. SOMEONE drops his gun. 
SOMEONE mouths, Oh God and searches the shelves around her. 
SOMEONE spots a pair of evidence boxes. One labeled, Gotti, K and the other Gotti, V. A long flat box beneath them reads handle with care. As SOMEONE kneels, SOMEONE finds an outline of a shotgun printed on top. 
SOMEONE takes aim. 
SOMEONE grins. SOMEONE fumes. 
She blows a box to pieces. 
As SOMEONE turns to shoot, SOMEONE sweeps his legs. SOMEONE misses. 
Punched repeatedly, SOMEONE collapses. SOMEONE kicks his weapon away from him then glances at SOMEONE. 
Daytime, outside. Dozens of police cruisers surround the depository. 
She kisses SOMEONE's cheek. 
As she leaves she takes a call from SOMEONE, who limps between a warehouse and an empty lot. 
SOMEONE drops. 
SOMEONE hangs up. 
Later, in SOMEONE's ragtop, 
a sly grin spreads across SOMEONE's lips. 
She and SOMEONE swap warm smiles. Sunlight bathes her face. 
SOMEONE beams. SOMEONE skids around a corner, pulls into a curbside spot, and brakes hard. 
She notices the police station across the street. 
SOMEONE gets out. 
In the station, SOMEONE wears handcuffs. 
A female officer leads SOMEONE away as she glares at SOMEONE. The bounty hunter signs a form and the cop at the desk shakes his head incredulously. 
Pursing his mouth regretfully, SOMEONE waves goodbye to the cop and ambles out. 
Now, SOMEONE strolls outside passing an officer and handcuffed teen on their way in. As the bounty hunter descends the stoop, the arresting officer from the parade swaggers up. 
SOMEONE eyes him with a half-smile. 
SOMEONE punches him. Inside, SOMEONE uses a phone. 
Gelman shoves a cuffed SOMEONE toward a holding cell. 
The officers place the couple in side-by-side cells. SOMEONE shrugs and faces his ex-wife through the bars. SOMEONE beams at him and shakes her head. 
They share a smile. 
They step up to the bars. SOMEONE reaches through them and wraps her arms around SOMEONE's neck. 
They kiss passionately. 
SOMEONE strokes her ex-husband's hair then cups the back of his head in both her hands. 
Separating, they gaze into each other's eyes. 
Grinning, SOMEONE massages his neck then wraps her arms around him once again. 
They embrace and share a deep kiss. 
Later as the blonde packs a suitcase, the sexy dancers pump their hips. 
The blonde regards a framed photo of a woman. 
She sings in the empty dive. 
She leaves the trailer park behind. 
At a bus station. 
Now she peers dreamily out the window of a cruising bus. 
As the sequined-clad dancers command their stage, the blonde sings to empty chairs in SOMEONE's bar. 
Now the Hollywood sign fills the screen. On the bus, the sleepy blonde opens her eyes just as the sign's reflection skates across her window. 
Later in a run-down room at the old redbrick Hotel Rosslyn, she opens her suitcase. Other views show the glitzy athletic dancers in unison, then the blonde rocking out in SOMEONE's empty bar. 
Now the blonde seals her stash of money inside a plastic bag. 
In the bathroom, she lifts the lid off the toilet tank and carefully sets the bag inside, leaving its top edge over the back rim. 
She replaces the porcelain lid. 
Now she unpacks her framed photo. 
The blonde gazes fondly at the photo, which shows the brunette woman cradling a young girl. 
Now the newcomer to LA sits at a desk with a postcard of the old hotel. 
She counts up several windows, 
She marks one specifically, and labels it. 
She flips the postcard. Her pen tip hovers. 
Then she rips the card to shreds. 
At her open window, she tosses the scraps and watches them flutter downward. 
Now she steps onto a busy sidewalk. 
She lifts her gaze from an issue of Back Stage Magazine in her hand and finds a sign for Hollywood Boulevard. 
Her finger trails down an ad in the magazine that seeks background singers for urban group. 
At a street corner, a set of signs marks Hollywood and Vine. 
Our view sweeps up the towering circular Capitol Records building. 
The blonde enters another building, then exits and crosses off the ad in her paper. 
Later still, she Xs out two more ads for singers and dancers as she continues down the boulevard. 
She gives someone a polite smile, which instantly fades as she moves on. 
Golden sunlight dwindles on the LA skyline. 
Fade to black. 
In the evening, the blonde strolls a busy street. 
Her eyes sweeping her surroundings, 
she stops at an eye-catching archway. 
Flashing light bulbs arc over a gleaming sign, 
Burlesque Lounge. 
On the building's fire escape, she sees a woman in a sexy corset with a short feathery skirt. 
As the woman adjusts her striped thigh-highs, her gaze meets the blonde's. They share a smile. 
A bald man with a cigarette between his lips emerges from the building. 
The blonde heads toward the burlesque lounge. 
Our view sweeps up a nearly completed high-rise behind her that advertises, Luxury Condos for Sale. 
The blonde checks out a poster outside the lounge. 
It shows a pixie-faced blue-eyed brunette and reads, The Best View on the Sunset Strip. 
Entering the building, the blonde makes her way down a dim wood-paneled hall. 
As she heads down a staircase, she eyes the lounge's stage through a window. 
Onstage, cool-blue light bathes dancers in skimpy sailor-themed outfits as they strike provocative poses. 
A doorman holds out his hand. 
Onstage, six captivating dancers - three on a platform, three in front - scoop their hips and twirl their hands. They point skyward. 
The blonde opens her wallet and hesitates. She casts another glance at the show, then hands over a $20. 
Onstage, the reclined dancers snap then raise their arms in the air. 
Behind them, a woman with dark curly hair and high cheek bones faces us. 
She wears a low-cut black unitard with tails and fuchsia lapels. 
The dancers rise and strut around the singer. 
The dancers tap their heels, then nod to a neighboring stage where musicians play. One-by-one the dancers face the audience. 
They pump their chests. 
The mesmerized blonde watches as varying dancers respond to their names. 
An auburn-haired dancer waves coyly. Now all of the dancers curl their fingers at us, beckoning mischievously. 
The dancers squat. 
The dancers strike alluring seductive poses and line up downstage. One lifts a leg higher than the singer's head. 
The posed dancers frame the smiling diva. 
Tears in her eyes, the blonde woman claps, transfixed. 
As the band plays, a spotlight shines on dancers in silver-sequined outfits. A handsome toned bartender in eyeliner and a bowler hat leans toward the blonde. 
They swap a smile. Then she returns her eyes to the stage where the dancers shake their hips. 
The bartender interrupts a pink-haired waitress who's busy flirting. 
The blonde turns back to the bartender. 
She points to the stage. 
He hands her a business card. 
As she leaves, the bartender smiles. Now the blonde enters a bustling backstage area. 
A dancer bumps into her as she hurries past. The blonde sees another dancer pulling on a sparkling garter over black stockings. 
Two dancers wear light-satin corsets with black spirals at the breasts. The blonde visitor finds the bald stage manager conferring with the diva. 
The naysayer faces the singer. 
As SOMEONE does the dancer's hair, the blonde approaches. 
She finds SOMEONE applying makeup at a mirror and leans over her shoulder. 
The eager woman slouches sadly. 
On her way out, she collides with the brunette in large sunglasses. 
She shows her nails. 
As the pixie-faced dancer brushes on blush, the blonde tilts her head at her. SOMEONE glances over. 
As she leaves, Jesse reaches for SOMEONE's makeup. 
Now, the young hopeful from Iowa sees the pink-haired waitress snubbing a customer. So she doffs her brown-leather jacket and grabs an empty tray from the bar. 
She walks out among the tables. Collecting empty glasses, the ambitious girl starts taking drink orders. 
As she brings the tray back to the bar, SOMEONE notices her. 
The image revolves, framed in light bulbs like a dressing-room mirror. Now in black hot pants, the young hopeful collects a spent glass and draws a smile from SOMEONE. 
Onstage, SOMEONE slides down beaded strands forming a curtain. In a black bra and panties, she lands in a split. 
As the girl from Iowa serves drinks, SOMEONE notices her. 
She gestures for the young woman to come over. 
SOMEONE sits back down beside SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE swap smiles. 
SOMEONE windmills a leg, then seizes a bracelet off of Jesse. 
SOMEONE mimics a dance step, then resumes her work. 
SOMEONE leads four dancers downstage. 
Now a rugged man gets SOMEONE's attention. 
He slides her his AmEx. 
She looks back. 
SOMEONE smirks. 
SOMEONE pushes the beads aside. She sees SOMEONE performing, then SOMEONE waiting tables. 
She dons a white stole. 
The curtain parts and SOMEONE struts into the limelight. 
She passes her stole to SOMEONE, who pitches it and competitively joins SOMEONE. 
They swipe kitty paws at each other, then take turns upstaging each other. 
Entranced, SOMEONE flourishes a hand in front of a customer's face. 
Now the dancers drum their hips. SOMEONE taps SOMEONE's nose. Then they trade phrases. 
At the bar, SOMEONE imagines herself performing, showered by silver confetti. 
She flings away her serving tray. 
She twirls a string of diamonds overhead. 
Standing on a fringed pedestal surrounded by dancers, she coils the strand around her wrist. Snapping to, she gazes longingly at the performance. SOMEONE shoves SOMEONE offstage. 
She opens her arms to the crowd. 
SOMEONE taps her. 
While SOMEONE chats at Marcus' table, SOMEONE peers over his glasses. SOMEONE glances at the stage. 
He slides her a tray of drinks. Now a stack of burlesque-related books lands on her hotel bed. 
SOMEONE lies on her stomach, flipping through photos of famed performers. At the lounge, she studies the dancers. 
Lying on her back, she rests another book on her chest. 
We glimpse the Burlesque Lounge sign. Then SOMEONE and SOMEONE at work. 
As she serves a drink, the bartender eyes her and rubs his unshaven cheek. 
Now a soundman preps a vocal CD. 
Sitting on the edge of the stage, SOMEONE crosses her legs. 
SOMEONE looks on with a tray of empty glasses. 
An overhead light shines down on three sexy nurses at an exam chair. 
In a lace bodysuit, SOMEONE stands and rocks her hips. 
Now in SOMEONE' office. 
SOMEONE looks on. 
SOMEONE gives SOMEONE a document. 
He grins. 
SOMEONE paces to a framed photo of her burlesque troupe. 
The picture reflects her porcelain complexion. 
As SOMEONE waits, she regards him plainly. 
In the hall, SOMEONE overhears. 
SOMEONE leaves. SOMEONE turns on his way out. 
Onstage, the nurses roll SOMEONE along in the chair. 
She rises to her knees. 
A nurse eyes the crowd. 
SOMEONE watches her and SOMEONE looks up from pouring a drink. With a dramatic swoon, SOMEONE wipes her brow and lies back. 
Later a bartender pours two tequila shots. In the dressing room, the dancers fix their makeup. 
SOMEONE sets down her tray. 
SOMEONE picks up the shot glasses. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE watch her down both shots. 
SOMEONE joins SOMEONE at a costume rack. 
SOMEONE glances back. 
SOMEONE peers through the rack. 
He wraps his legs around her. 
Now at the Hotel Rosslyn, 
SOMEONE finds her door broken in. She enters her ransacked studio apartment, then drops her purse and hurries into the bathroom. 
She finds the empty sandwich baggie on the floor. 
On the bed, SOMEONE finds her photograph under broken glass, halfway out of its now-bent frame. 
She holds the photo of the mother and child. 
SOMEONE glances around, then sits on the edge of the bed and covers her mouth. 
Now SOMEONE rides down a street on a motorcycle and parks. 
She sits on the stoop of a picturesque Spanish-style apartment building. 
Later he lets her in. 
He takes back his phone and they sip their drinks. 
Later, SOMEONE 
reclines on a daybed. 
SOMEONE sits at a synthesizer. 
She nestles in and pulls her blanket close. 
Rain pounds the street outside. 
SOMEONE wakes, 
then opens his bedroom's French doors and steps out in jeans and a white tank. 
SOMEONE ogles SOMEONE's short pajama top. 
As she hops into some jeans, she tips over. 
She collects her suitcase and bag. 
SOMEONE steps out of the apartment building and peers morosely at the rain-pelted street. 
She grabs a newspaper and holds it overhead. 
SOMEONE peers out of his window and watches her walk out to the curb. 
SOMEONE watches a car pass by. Then SOMEONE leaves the window. 
As SOMEONE waits in the downpour at a bus stop, 
SOMEONE steps out, barefoot. 
He picks her up. 
Now inside. 
He pushes the door shut. 
Now at the club, an employee polishes mirrored panels behind the bar. 
The cashier puts down chairs. 
As the band practices, a bartender wipes down a bottle. 
SOMEONE enters a bathroom. 
She notes someone in a stall. 
The red-haired dancer steps out. 
SOMEONE shakes her head. 
The young woman leans on the sink. 
They hug. 
SOMEONE peers nervously skyward. 
Now beaming dancers in plain clothes leap through the air. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE watch from a table on the empty floor. 
SOMEONE enters the club and observes the girls onstage. 
As she doffs her jean jacket, she keeps watching. 
As the dancers leave, SOMEONE strides purposefully ahead. 
They notice SOMEONE onstage, swinging her hips and running her fingers down her blonde hair. 
SOMEONE peers back to the deejay booth. 
SOMEONE walks away. 
She wheels around. 
SOMEONE shoots a satisfied glance toward SOMEONE at the back of the house. SOMEONE returns to the table, where SOMEONE raises an eyebrow. 
SOMEONE and Coco enter and spot SOMEONE onstage. 
Standing at a chair with her back turned, SOMEONE lets her hair down. 
SOMEONE joins the girls. 
Our view rises up SOMEONE's slender body 
As SOMEONE enters with a box of liquor, he notices her too. 
SOMEONE gyrates her backside, then looks over her shoulder. 
Holding the back of the chair, she seductively points her knees in and out. 
She whips her hair back and steps forward. 
SOMEONE and the others keep watching. 
SOMEONE holds her hands out like paws, then slaps her backside with her right, then with her left, 
then twice more before resuming the wild dance. 
SOMEONE glances at SOMEONE, who eyes her knowingly. 
The club owner affords a slight nod. 
Now SOMEONE rubs her hands over her head and body, then points her knees in. 
SOMEONE softly shakes his head to himself. As SOMEONE leans forward and pouts her full lips, SOMEONE's cool gaze hardens even more. Onstage, SOMEONE prances, paws out, and grins adorably. 
SOMEONE remains watchful. 
A smiling SOMEONE points her knees and pops out her hands, then swings her arms, shakes her hips, and whips her hair back. 
SOMEONE smiles. SOMEONE glares. SOMEONE folds his hands. 
SOMEONE beams. SOMEONE claps. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE leave. 
SOMEONE joins the excited young woman onstage. 
A delighted SOMEONE approaches, clapping. 
He nods. 
SOMEONE gives a silent scream. 
As she runs off, SOMEONE wears a muted smile. Now at the costume rack. 
A golden SOMEONE gun. 
It blasts him with gold confetti. 
He eyes her flatly and she forces a grin. 
Now SOMEONE struts confidently among pedestrians outside. 
At the club, she rehearses with the girls at the end of the line. 
Back with the pedestrians, she practices a move. 
In rehearsal, the dancers bounce, bop their heads, and gyrate their hips. On a sidewalk, SOMEONE practices the routine. 
The rehearsing dancers spin. Then SOMEONE spins on the street and resumes her walk. 
Onstage, a spotlight sweeps across the costumed girls. 
We cut from their routine to SOMEONE strolling down another street. 
She flourishes her wrist and gives a satisfied smile. 
In a performance, the dancers frolic downstage, SOMEONE among them. The newest dancer runs her hands through her hair and shakes her hips. The view veers to SOMEONE backstage. 
SOMEONE watches SOMEONE perform. 
The girls leave the stage. 
Later in the dressing room. 
As SOMEONE pulls on her sweater, the other dancers head out of the dressing room. 
She slings her bag over her shoulder, 
then turns and sees the group disappearing down a staircase without her. 
With a heavy look, 
SOMEONE drops her bag back on the floor and plops into her chair at the dressing table. 
Resting her chin on her fist, she gazes at a black-and-white photo stuck to her mirror. 
It shows a glamorous burlesque dancer. 
SOMEONE's eyes shift to her makeup, 
then return to the photo. 
She picks up a thin makeup brush. 
As SOMEONE nears the dressing room, 
she stops in the doorway and watches as SOMEONE tries to paint on eyeliner. 
The blonde pushes her eyelashes up with a brush 
and flinches. 
SOMEONE moves beside her. 
returns her gaze to the mirror and lifts the brush to her lashes again. 
SOMEONE unzips a pouch and withdraws a brush. 
She holds it out to SOMEONE. 
As SOMEONE starts up again, 
SOMEONE rolls her eyes. 
She sits beside her. 
She paints black lines along SOMEONE's eyelid. 
She applies color to SOMEONE's lids. 
SOMEONE grins. 
SOMEONE uses a large soft brush to apply rouge to SOMEONE's cheeks. 
She playfully taps SOMEONE's nose with the bristles. 
Holding SOMEONE' gaze, SOMEONE gives a mild shrug. 
With a faint smile, SOMEONE uses another brush to paint lipstick onto SOMEONE's parted lips. 
SOMEONE averts her eyes. As she stares off, 
SOMEONE skillfully finishes painting her lips. 
she gently tilts SOMEONE's face and examines her handiwork. 
SOMEONE turns to the mirror and sees her red lips and painted eyelids. 
Tilting her head back and forth, she touches her face. 
Now SOMEONE reaches out of the shower and finds bras and stockings hanging on a hook. 
He turns to a towel rack where more undergarments hang. 
He spots his towel on the floor. 
SOMEONE sleeps in the living room. 
He picks up a newspaper. 
SOMEONE watches as SOMEONE grabs his phone off the bed. 
He swings the bedroom door shut. 
Later SOMEONE reads a housing ad in the newspaper. 
SOMEONE comes out. 
SOMEONE bites her thumb. 
pulls on his shirt. 
He takes the newspaper from her. 
She snatches the paper back. 
She backs into his bedroom and closes the doors. 
At the lounge, a bartender carries crates of glasses and the band rehearses. SOMEONE storms out of SOMEONE' office. 
SOMEONE pauses from organizing costumes on a rack and watches SOMEONE stalk away. 
In her office, SOMEONE folds a piece of paper into an airplane. 
As she smooths the final crease, creating its wings, 
SOMEONE enters. 
SOMEONE tosses her paper plane at him. 
The backstage manager's gaze follows it as it lands on the floor at his feet. 
He picks it up and unfolds it. 
SOMEONE crumples the paper. 
Averting his gaze, SOMEONE shakes his head. 
SOMEONE lifts his chin. 
He bows his head. 
He locks his eyes with SOMEONE' desperate gaze, then moves forward to the couch where she sits. 
He sits beside her. 
He wraps his arms around her and she rests her head on his shoulder. 
He pats her arm. 
Later in the crowded lounge, SOMEONE plays piano with the band. 
As the dancers get ready backstage, SOMEONE descends the staircase with a drink in her hand. 
Wearing a skimpy biker-themed costume, she heads toward the stage. 
SOMEONE sniffs the drink. 
SOMEONE pushes SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE throws up her hands. 
SOMEONE tosses SOMEONE a costume. Meanwhile, SOMEONE enters the sound booth. 
SOMEONE watches SOMEONE leave, then moves to his soundboard. Onstage, a spotlight shines on Coco. 
The light shines on another dancer. 
As the red spotlight fixes on SOMEONE for her turn to lip-sync, SOMEONE pulls a plug. 
SOMEONE stops dancing and gazes across the lounge toward the sound booth. 
SOMEONE gives a satisfied smile. Meanwhile, SOMEONE finds SOMEONE backstage. 
Onstage, SOMEONE sees the curtain descending. The doorman eyes departing patrons. 
SOMEONE tentatively steps to the front of the stage. 
As the curtain continues to drop, she opens her mouth. 
SOMEONE, the doorman, and SOMEONE stare. 
The curtain freezes above SOMEONE's head. 
SOMEONE moves closer. SOMEONE and SOMEONE stare, awestruck. 
The stagehand pulls a rope and the curtain rises back to the ceiling. 
A stagehand swivels a spotlight onto SOMEONE. As the band joins her, she struts toward the audience. 
Dancing, she swings her hips from side to side. SOMEONE smiles and shakes her head. 
Audience members bop their heads and shimmy their shoulders. SOMEONE grins. 
SOMEONE tips her biker cap. 
The crowd claps and the two dancers behind SOMEONE sing backup as they step from side to side. SOMEONE glares down at them. SOMEONE beckons the backup dancers and they join her downstage. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE exchange a disbelieving look. 
SOMEONE grabs a musician out of the band and pulls him onstage. 
Dancing around her, he plays the tambourine. 
SOMEONE strikes a pose with her arms in the air and the stage lights blink off. 
As Coco hugs SOMEONE, the crowd rises in a standing ovation. 
SOMEONE storms out of the sound booth with a sour expression. 
A spotlight fades up onstage and the bartenders, including SOMEONE, clap for the performers. 
SOMEONE's backup dancers push her forward. 
She curtsies, then bows with the others. 
The curtain falls. 
Backstage, SOMEONE, SOMEONE, and the other dancers crowd around. 
SOMEONE looks on. 
SOMEONE's jaw drops. SOMEONE gives her dancers a thumbs up, then turns to SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE glares at her. 
With a smile, SOMEONE strides away. SOMEONE juts out her chin. 
As the dancers disperse, SOMEONE approaches SOMEONE. 
He heads away, passing SOMEONE, who stares at SOMEONE, her arms crossed. 
She smiles. 
She turns away with a conniving smirk. 
Now SOMEONE exits the backstage area and finds SOMEONE waiting for her. 
Grinning, he claps. 
SOMEONE nods as she walks off. 
After hours, SOMEONE and the other dancers hang out at the bar with SOMEONE and SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE gets up. Coco looks at SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE shifts her gaze from Coco to another dancer, who nods. 
SOMEONE stares after her as she leaves with them. 
He pretends to think. 
As SOMEONE grabs her stuff, SOMEONE self-consciously looks away. 
With a smile, SOMEONE cocks his head. 
SOMEONE moves to his side. 
He points to a mirror. 
He sweeps her hair up. 
She gives the bald man a playful nudge. Now a light rises on SOMEONE in a platinum bobbed wig. 
She rises from the chaise lounge. 
SOMEONE watches dreamily. 
She tugs on a gold rope. 
As the curtain rises, SOMEONE resumes his work. 
SOMEONE makes her way up some stairs, toward a platform. She tosses her head and shoulders back with each beat, then wiggles her hips at the crowd. 
Bending forward, she shakes her rear and the feathers on her short skirt flutter. 
She sits on a step and kicks her feet in the air. 
Facing the audience, she quickly spreads her knees, then crosses her legs. She dances up the rest of the stairs to the platform where another curtain opens, revealing more dancers. 
Now SOMEONE dances on the bar. 
As a glass slides toward her, she kicks it out of the way. She struts to the wall of mirrored panels behind the bar and strikes a pose. As she pushes on one panel, it spins and she disappears behind it. 
A different panel spins and SOMEONE rotates into the room, then whirls away again. 
All of the panels turn with dancers in front of each. 
A bartender leans forward, 
bridging the wall and the bar with his back. 
Two others lead SOMEONE across. 
She swoons backwards off the bar. Two bartenders catch her and carry her to the chaise lounge. 
She pretends to take a shot. 
The stage lights turn off. 
Later as SOMEONE works behind the bar, SOMEONE appears, still in her short sequined dress and platinum blonde wig. 
SOMEONE gives her a sidelong look. 
She spins on her stool. 
Her smile fades and she walks away. SOMEONE stares after her. 
SOMEONE struggles to uncap a spray bottle. 
SOMEONE easily removes the cap, then leans closer. 
SOMEONE gapes as SOMEONE strides away. 
In the lounge. 
SOMEONE sets drinks on Marcus' table and sits across from him. 
at SOMEONE's place. 
Coming home, SOMEONE spies SOMEONE in the bedroom, wearing only pink panties and a matching bra. 
He steps further into the apartment, 
his mesmerized gaze fixed on her curves. 
His bag topples candles on the coffee table. 
He returns to the door. 
SOMEONE joins her at a mirror and zips up her dress. 
He notices SOMEONE's photo. 
SOMEONE glances up at him with a winsome pout. 
SOMEONE smiles warmly as she holds his gaze. 
Grinning boyishly, he steps away. 
SOMEONE's smile fades. 
Now feather fans lift away to reveal SOMEONE reclined on the lounge piano, in a skimpy two-piece outfit made of pearls. 
She pushes the pianist's head past her lap, then shimmies her pearls. 
At home, SOMEONE and SOMEONE share a comfortable laugh in the living room. 
At the lounge, SOMEONE pops a champagne bottle's cork and smirks. 
At a table, SOMEONE thoughtfully rubs his chin as he watches her. 
Now as she rides with SOMEONE on his motorcycle, her sheer scarf flies away. 
As SOMEONE puts her back to the audience, her top flies off. 
A dancer hands her a fan and she covers her chest. Turning away, she lowers the fan and shimmies. 
Quickly covering herself, she faces the crowd again. 
Her pearl briefs fly off. She snatches another fan from a dancer. 
Now SOMEONE hurries into the dressing room with a giddy smile. 
She shows an engagement ring. The girls rush to hug her. 
Back onstage. 
Peeking out from behind a fan, she comically blows feathers and hair out of her face. 
Now SOMEONE blows out birthday candles. Standing apart, SOMEONE snaps a photo, then smiles and winks at her. 
SOMEONE gazes tenderly at him. 
Onstage, she shimmies her fans. 
As she flings them away, her backup dancers raise two more in their place. 
They part the fans, revealing her naked form. 
A pair of bongos cover her breasts and a candle conceals her crotch. 
SOMEONE winks. Later she meets SOMEONE at the bar. 
He stares, slack-jawed. 
SOMEONE carries a crate of glasses away. 
SOMEONE arrives at SOMEONE's side. 
He grabs her bag. 
Later SOMEONE rides in a vintage convertible speedster as SOMEONE drives. 
SOMEONE shakes her head. 
The speedster makes a turn. 
Later it pulls up outside a glamorous party. 
Primping, SOMEONE takes her hair down. 
As she and SOMEONE enter, several trendy upscale guests take notice. 
He takes her into a kitchen staffed with caterers and grabs one of the many bottles of wine. 
He takes two glasses and a tray of hors d'oeuvres. 
Leading her downstairs, he meets two guests., 
SOMEONE leads SOMEONE onward. 
She halts in a doorway. 
A city view. 
SOMEONE gives her a smirk and sips his wine. 
Turning away, SOMEONE sips her wine with a cynical smirk. 
Now SOMEONE lies on the daybed with his eyes closed. 
His eyes open as SOMEONE arrives home. 
Now a gift box sits on a dressing-room stool. 
SOMEONE reads the card: To the best view in LA - SOMEONE. 
As the other girls look on, she opens the present and pulls out a pair of Louboutin shoes just like SOMEONE's. 
SOMEONE marches over and grabs the card. 
As she reads it, her smirk fades. 
SOMEONE leaves. 
Facing her mirror, SOMEONE dons a bowler hat. 
Now with the stage set to resemble the dressing room, SOMEONE and the dancers mime preparations for a show. 
The fake mirrors whisk upstage and three more dancers crawl out of them to simple wooden chairs. 
SOMEONE and the first two dancers pose erotically in their own chairs and snap their fingers. 
A dance begins. 
SOMEONE watches from his corner table. 
At home, SOMEONE adds notations to sheet music, then stares thoughtfully at it. SOMEONE arrives. 
As she removes her coat, he shakes his head and smiles. 
He notices her Louboutins. 
He watches from his keyboard as she walks into the bedroom. 
her costume bears two handprints on her buttocks. 
SOMEONE works her hands up her body to her hair. Her backup dancers move upside-down on their chairs in acrobatic positions. At home, SOMEONE struts in her sparkly four-inch Louboutins as she puts on the new outfit. 
She leaves. Onstage. 
At the entrance, a long line appears. 
Back inside the packed lounge. 
Looking on, SOMEONE smiles proudly. 
SOMEONE lifts her knee in a sexy pose with one of her backup dancers. SOMEONE seethes as she watches. 
Mesmerized by the performance, SOMEONE interlaces his fingers. 
Now he drives SOMEONE in his vintage convertible. 
At his home, they share an intimate laugh as they sit on the couch by candlelight. 
Back in the lounge, the dancers advance downstage, reaching their hands toward the audience. 
SOMEONE turns in profile and bumps her shoulders forward into an animalistic slouch. 
Spreading their legs, the dancers bend over and whip their hair. 
At home, SOMEONE finds a note taped to a mirror written on sheet music paper: Going out. See you tomorrow - SOMEONE. 
Back onstage. 
SOMEONE and the others dance with precision and raw sensuality as the stage lights strobe. 
Now a makeup mirror reflects a newspaper photo of SOMEONE performing in the burlesque lounge. 
SOMEONE smiles in her office as she reads the article on the front page of the LA Times Calendar section. 
The photo shows SOMEONE with Coco and another dancer. 
SOMEONE sets down the paper and picks up a bank letter headed, Notice of Defaulted Payment. A red stamp reads, Final Notice. 
SOMEONE crumples it up. 
In the dressing room, the girls huddle around the newspaper feature. 
Coco faces SOMEONE. 
Meanwhile, two contortionists lie with their chins to the stage. Posed in deep backbends, they flick their toes over their heads. The doorman crouches between them. 
They scissor kick. 
One does a handstand and wraps her thighs around the doorman. The other sticks her leg straight up along his back. 
At Marcus' table. 
SOMEONE arrives. 
The doorman falls face-first into a contortionist's crotch. 
A patron spits out his drink with laughter. 
From the bar, SOMEONE and SOMEONE watch SOMEONE with the two men. 
One of the contortionists passes the doorman a banana between her legs. He peels it, then gets distracted by her breasts, and lowers the phallic fruit to his crotch. 
The other contortionist deep-throats it. 
From a table overlooking the crowd, SOMEONE notices SOMEONE with SOMEONE and Harold. 
SOMEONE arrives at her side. 
One contortionist spreads her legs overhead and the doorman strikes a triangle between her thighs. Now in the dressing room. 
She picks up her clutch purse. 
SOMEONE gives an affectionate smile as SOMEONE walks away. 
She bites her lip worriedly. 
SOMEONE brings costumes. 
SOMEONE glances after SOMEONE. 
He kisses SOMEONE' cheek. 
She watches him go with a grateful smile. 
Now she enters the stage area, her arms loaded with costumes. 
SOMEONE calls out from the deejay booth. 
She drops the costumes, then removes her 
coat, revealing a black sparkling top with a matching cardigan and pants. 
She climbs wearily onto the stage. 
SOMEONE puts on a CD labeled, Instrumental Only, Last of Me. 
He cuts the stage lights. 
SOMEONE places a chair center stage and straddles it. 
SOMEONE focuses a blue-tinted spotlight on her. 
Silhouetted by an offstage light, she strolls away stoically. 
SOMEONE gazes after her with a small admiring nod, then switches off the spotlight. 
SOMEONE steps outside with 
costumes and heads down the entrance stairs. 
SOMEONE waits for her at the bottom. 
Wearing fingerless leather gloves, she takes a drag off a cigarette. 
SOMEONE gets in a convertible and wrestles her bag down beside her. 
SOMEONE gives an incredulous stare. As SOMEONE backs out of her spot, her old mentor tosses her keys down onto her car's trunk. 
SOMEONE takes out a crowbar and smashes SOMEONE's passenger window as she drives past. The car stops abruptly. 
With an indignant gape, she peels off. SOMEONE flings the crowbar back into her trunk then turns and leans on the bumper. 
Now SOMEONE arrives home in a red clingy dress. 
Eyeing the daybed, she pauses briefly, then crosses to the French doors and opens them. 
She finds SOMEONE sleeping in the bed. 
SOMEONE rolls her eyes resentfully and pulls the doors shut. 
Now in their apartment, SOMEONE irritably grinds coffee. SOMEONE stirs awake in the red cocktail dress. 
He shuts the bedroom doors. She flings a pillow at a lamp. 
Now at a wedding. 
SOMEONE kisses Damon. 
Later at the reception, SOMEONE watches SOMEONE talk on his cell phone. 
With his eyes on SOMEONE, he lowers the phone. Now SOMEONE sits with Coco. 
As SOMEONE sips his drink, the deejay grins at him. 
At a bar. 
Now SOMEONE and SOMEONE dance. 
He hugs her from behind. 
He kisses her cheek. 
Now leaning on the bar, SOMEONE sips the last of a cocktail. SOMEONE approaches and leans on the bar beside him. 
She ignores his toast. 
SOMEONE giggles, then downs her shot. 
SOMEONE nudges her with his elbow and leans in close. 
He points at the deejay, who points back. As SOMEONE leaves the bar, SOMEONE grabs her hand. 
They face each other on the dance floor. 
He grins. 
They dance. 
He spins her. 
As they enter the darkened apartment, SOMEONE knocks over a lamp. 
He bumps the lamp again. 
SOMEONE looks demurely up at him from the daybed. SOMEONE smiles genteelly. 
He hands SOMEONE her shoes. 
SOMEONE steps into the bedroom and shuts the doors. 
A disappointed SOMEONE glances after him. 
He reopens the doors, wearing bright red pajamas. 
He flourishes his arms. 
She watches him cross back to the bedroom. 
He shuts the doors. 
He reopens the doors, shirtless. 
As he enters the kitchen, she admires his toned back on the sly. 
As he returns to the bedroom, she checks him out again. 
SOMEONE spins around in the doorway and SOMEONE shakes her head. 
SOMEONE removes her earrings, her back to the bedroom. 
SOMEONE reemerges naked. 
A chair, then a lamp conveniently hide his groin. 
SOMEONE still has her back to him. 
SOMEONE sees his bare tush. 
She covers her eyes, but peeks. 
He innocently holds a box of Famous Amos cookies over his privates. 
He returns to the bedroom. 
He shuts the French doors. 
As SOMEONE looks over her shoulder, the bedroom lights go out. 
She lowers her disappointed gaze and purses her lips, then gets up from the daybed. 
Reaching behind her back, she goes to unzip her dress. 
SOMEONE reopens the doors. 
With a smoldering gaze, he steps out of the bedroom and approaches SOMEONE, then gently brushes her long blonde hair off her shoulder. 
He kisses her smooth neck and they share a peck on the lips. 
Facing each other, SOMEONE runs his fingers through her hair. They kiss again. 
They gaze into each other's eyes. 
Daytime. In bed, SOMEONE rests her head on SOMEONE's chest. 
Pouring rain streaks their bedroom window. 
Onstage, SOMEONE sings in a satiny chartreuse gown. 
The image dissolves from SOMEONE onstage to the bedroom. 
SOMEONE lies in bed with a camera as SOMEONE pulls a black stocking over her knee. 
She pulls the stocking back down her leg, then bites her bottom lip. 
SOMEONE beckons. 
Onstage, SOMEONE sings to a full house. 
They lounge in bed. 
They embrace. 
Back onstage. 
Silhouetted against a brilliant spotlight, SOMEONE closes her hands and gently lowers her arms. 
Now a young woman enters the apartment. 
She sets down a suitcase and tosses aside her keys. Scanning the living room, she finds an article of clothing. 
She barges into the bedroom. 
She shoves past him. 
Now SOMEONE's wedding deejay opens a front door. 
In SOMEONE's bedroom. 
SOMEONE looks up from his bed and they smile. 
Wearing only a blanket, SOMEONE covers up. 
In the kitchen, SOMEONE makes coffee. 
SOMEONE sighs and lowers a spoon. 
Now at Jacks apartment. SOMEONE leaves with her luggage. 
Later at SOMEONE's second floor apartment, SOMEONE steps outside. 
SOMEONE pulls into the driveway on his motorcycle. 
SOMEONE passes the deejay on his way upstairs. 
He heads off. 
SOMEONE looks pointedly after SOMEONE walking to his car. 
SOMEONE turns. 
Now in SOMEONE' office. 
SOMEONE heads for the door. 
Now at Marcus' contemporary three-story mansion, SOMEONE walks up a staircase to the top floor and its breathtaking view of the city. 
She looks out a window and spots SOMEONE pacing outside on his phone. 
She leaves the window and regards an architectural model of a city block set up on a table. 
SOMEONE notes an address on the model: 
8080 Sunset Boulevard. 
SOMEONE joins her and hands her a coffee mug. 
She grabs her jacket. 
She walks out and leaves SOMEONE standing alone. 
Now we descend to the lit-up sign for the Burlesque Lounge. 
Inside SOMEONE crosses a dim hallway adorned with memorabilia. 
She stops and takes a second long look at a red neon sign which reads, The Best View on the Sunset Strip. 
SOMEONE hurries on. 
Onstage, dancers move in unison while the seated band performs. 
In the dressing room, SOMEONE approaches SOMEONE. 
She holds up a bottle of tequila. 
SOMEONE enters SOMEONE' office. 
SOMEONE lowers her gaze, then looks up and gives an amused roll of the eyes. 
Onstage, the dancers finish their number to the delight of a packed house. 
Now SOMEONE chats with SOMEONE as they exit the lounge, passing under its unlit archway. 
They head across the street to the high-rise of luxury condos. Inside, a white-haired man sits at a desk, talking on the phone. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE enter his office. 
As he hangs up, the women sit. 
He gives SOMEONE a brochure. 
The white-haired businessman gives a confused look. 
The lights on the lounge's archway glow onto the sidewalk. 
Inside the club, SOMEONE strolls up to SOMEONE, who sits at a table looking through a stack of paperwork. 
She takes a seat across from him. 
Smiling, she drops an envelope in front of him. 
He opens it and finds a check for $500,000. 
He stares at her with wide eyes. 
She glances skyward. 
He shakes his head at the check. 
He gives her a nod and she presses her lips to his. 
Pulling away, she eyes him. 
As she leaves, SOMEONE's lips curl into a smile. 
Meanwhile, SOMEONE chats with a bartender. 
SOMEONE strolls up to the bar and leans her back against it. 
SOMEONE swivels her stool to face the same direction. 
They share a grin and SOMEONE good-naturedly smacks SOMEONE's leg. 
Entering the lounge, SOMEONE spots them. 
The women's smiles fade as they notice her. 
As she approaches SOMEONE, SOMEONE turns back to the bar. 
SOMEONE hangs her head, then lifts her tearful gaze. 
She gives SOMEONE an earnest look. 
The club owner replies with a gentle smile. 
SOMEONE beams. 
With a nod, SOMEONE hurries off. 
SOMEONE turns to SOMEONE. 
She puts her head on SOMEONE' shoulder. 
She hops off her stool and walks away. 
SOMEONE stares after her. 
With a serene look, she turns away and sips from a glass of dessert wine. 
SOMEONE approaches and leans beside her on the bar. 
He heads away, leaving SOMEONE at the bar with a faint smile on her lips and a faraway look. 
Meanwhile, SOMEONE climbs the stairs to the dressing room. 
She sets down her bag, removes her jacket, and sits at her vanity table. 
Behind her, SOMEONE combs her hair, her eyes fixed on the blonde. 
SOMEONE lifts a brush to her eyes then spots her rival in the reflection of her mirror. 
She gives SOMEONE a cordial nod. 
With her lips pursed in a haughty expression, the diva looks away. 
The corner of SOMEONE's mouth twitches in a thoughtful smirk as she continues to watch SOMEONE in the mirror, 
then returns to her makeup. 
then lowers her gaze, her lips curling into a genial smile. 
The brunette shoots her another look, 
As she stares off dreamily, another dancer reaches for her makeup. 
SOMEONE slaps her hands away, her jaw dropping in exasperation. 
SOMEONE smiles as she watches in her mirror, then touches up her mascara. 
SOMEONE appears in a doorway. 
SOMEONE lowers her mascara brush as she sees him. 
SOMEONE moves closer. 
He gives a pleading look. 
SOMEONE avoids his gaze. 
He gently lifts her chin. 
He stares into her pale-blue eyes. 
With her head tilted, SOMEONE shifts her gaze over his face. 
he opens his mouth to speak, 
then closes it again. 
His face scrunches up as he gives a charming grin. 
Glancing away, SOMEONE bites her lip. 
He leans in and they kiss. SOMEONE presses her hands to his toned chest, then wraps her arms around his neck. 
He clutches her shoulders, returning the embrace. 
They part and SOMEONE slides her hands back down his chest as he presses his lips to her 
He moves in to kiss her again, then pulls back with a smile. 
He steps away. 
He grins widely. 
Heading for the door, he pauses. 
He walks back to her and hands her some sheet music. 
The title reads, Show Me How You Burlesque, by SOMEONE. 
Now on a dark stage, a spotlight shines down on SOMEONE, who wears a sparkling outfit and her platinum wig. 
Strobe lights flash and giant block letters spelling Burlesque light up onstage. As the other dancers grind against the letters, SOMEONE sits atop the E at the center. 
More girls dance on tables in the audience. 
The dancers on the tables swing their arms and flip their hair. The stage performers mirror them. With a smile, the doorman bobs his head. SOMEONE and SOMEONE watch proudly from the balcony. Onstage, the dancers pump their chests. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE sing backup from atop the bar. More dancers strut out from the revolving mirrored panels behind them. Another girl tickles the doorman's lips and he smiles. An outline of red neon flashes around the letters onstage. 
The dancers on the bar fall back into the arms of the bartenders, who carry them to the stage. 
All of the girls cluster together, with SOMEONE at the center. 
They each strike a pose, coolly snapping their fingers. 
Several bartenders run onstage. 
They surround SOMEONE and grind their hips. 
The women sit on some steps in front of her. 
The male and female dancers now stand staggered on the staircase, moving in unison. 
As they shake their butts at the audience, SOMEONE imitates them and SOMEONE grins. 
The dancers hop from foot to foot, their hands beckoning the audience. 
The stage lights flash and the dancers disappear, leaving only the glowing letters. Remaining opening titles: Dianna Agron, 
The bare-chested soldier watches the students halt at the end of the SOMEONE. A live young woman with wavy, corn silk hair, sets her purse on the railing. 
A boyish guy sits on the railings, sending her purse plunging into the water. 
As SOMEONE jogs up the SOMEONE toward the beach, the soldier jumps off the railing and plummets 15 feet into the water. The blonde's jaw drops. Underwater, the soldier swims down along the SOMEONE's barnacled supports. The purse stirs in the current, on the SOMEONE strewn ocean floor. The soldier seizes it, then kicks off the bottom and shoots back to the surface. 
The soldier swims toward the beach. 
On the sand, SOMEONE kicks off his flip-flops, and trots into the water, meeting the soldier in the surf. 
The soldier delivers it. 
The smiling woman shakes her drenched bag. 
SOMEONE ambles off. 
SOMEONE halts and walks back toward them. 
He grabs his surfboard. 
As SOMEONE stares at SOMEONE, he accidentally bangs his board on the SOMEONE. 
They head off side by side. 
The setting sun casts long shadows over the sand. 
Dear SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE, SOMEONE, SOMEONE Porter, and SOMEONE Jenkins. 
Now a date appears. Spring 2001. 
Guests mill about a SOMEONE beach house's natural un-landscaped yard. SOMEONE and SOMEONE sit in an unlit fire pit. 
SOMEONE notices a bulky ring on SOMEONE's finger. 
SOMEONE brings SOMEONE a beer. 
SOMEONE mimes throwing punches. 
SOMEONE eyes him, coolly. 
SOMEONE salutes. 
He leaves. 
SOMEONE hangs his head with a subdued smile. 
SOMEONE regards SOMEONE candidly. Then allows a smile. 
He looks away. 
A tow-headed boy hugs her from behind. 
The young boy beams. 
SOMEONE peers downward. 
A bearded man joins them. 
SOMEONE plays with some driftwood. 
SOMEONE glances at SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE climbs over a log bench, and heads off with his father. 
He looks over his shoulder. 
SOMEONE gapes, and SOMEONE gives a stunned smirk. SOMEONE and SOMEONE sit back down. 
SOMEONE drops his gaze, and SOMEONE studies him with a warm smile. They lock eyes. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE ramble toward the water. 
They halt among tufted beach grass, and gaze up at the moon. 
As he demonstrates, she copies him. 
She covers the moon with her thumb. 
SOMEONE watches enviously from the fire pit. 
Later, SOMEONE whacks a striker bar against a magnesium strip key-chain, instantly igniting a small campfire. 
Holding a hotdog on a stick, SOMEONE grins. 
SOMEONE bashfully glances at the fire and turns away. Then faces SOMEONE. 
She nods, beaming. 
He missteps, almost tripping into the fire. Then affects a cool recovery. 
Later, SOMEONE hobbles down a deserted road in his flip-flops, carrying his surfboard under one arm. 
A pickup slows beside him. It's SOMEONE. SOMEONE ride shotgun. 
He stumbles. 
SOMEONE loads his board into the bed of the truck. Later they drive. 
SOMEONE points at SOMEONE with a nod. 
SOMEONE sways capriciously and tickles the men's necks. Now the truck stops before a modest home with a bushy tree in the front yard. SOMEONE climbs out. 
SOMEONE heads off. 
He carries his board toward the house. 
Now, SOMEONE opens the front door and enters a room veiled in shadow. 
In a study, a balding man wearing a single white glove examines a coin under a magnifying glass. SOMEONE lifts the edge of a window shade covering the room's French door, and peeks inside at his father. 
The oblivious man's gaze remains locked on his coin. 
SOMEONE lets go of the shade and walks away. 
His father glances over his shoulder, then stares off glumly. 
SOMEONE heads into his room. 
Outside, laundry whips on a line in the wind. 
In the kitchen. 
SOMEONE's father purses his lips into a thoughtful frown, and digs in his pocket. He pulls out a set of keys and hands them to SOMEONE, who ambles toward the door. 
Later, a sign on a shabby seaside building reads, Bowens Island Restaurant. 
Loitering men spot SOMEONE and swap looks. A goateed guy speaks up. 
SOMEONE inches over to him. 
SOMEONE joins a puzzled SOMEONE a few steps ahead of him. 
Later in the restaurant. 
SOMEONE stares at SOMEONE blankly, and offers a fleeting grin. 
She smiles back. 
At twilight, two men fish on the dock outside the restaurant. Back inside. 
She smiles quizzically. 
He munches some food. Eyes the rosy-cheeked young woman, then shyly bows his head. 
SOMEONE locks her in his sudden sobered gaze. 
Later, they stroll toward his front door. 
They head inside. 
SOMEONE's father looks up from his desk. 
He stands to greet them. 
She extends a hand. 
He bashfully shakes it. 
She notices a coin collection. 
He takes a coin from her. 
He rubs it vigorously on his shirt. Then peers at her through his glasses. 
He gives her a white cotton glove. 
He covers a wheel printed on the coin with a silver dollar. 
He brings out more. 
Now the SOMEONE family car pulls up in front of SOMEONE's house. Riding with SOMEONE, she beams. 
SOMEONE chews his pursed lips. Leaning over, SOMEONE gives him a kiss on the cheek. Then gets out of the car. 
SOMEONE grins at him and shuts the door. He happily gazes after her. 
At the beach, SOMEONE paddles his surfboard out over the breaking waves. He crests one, then swims farther out. 
Later, he paddles with a flow of a swelling wave, as its foaming crest reaches his board, he gets to his feet and surfs it until it breaks. Later, he sits straddling his board, gazing at the houses along the shore. 
Later still, he paddles out past a stone jetty. 
At her house, SOMEONE steps out on her screened-in porch, and gazes toward the beach. 
Now she walks with SOMEONE, as he carries his board from the water. 
They stroll toward her home. 
Now they approach a partially constructed house. 
Later, she leads him through the house's framework. 
It starts to rain. 
She leads him under a cluster of boards supported by a beam. 
They stand close together. 
She strokes his eyebrow. 
Looking away, SOMEONE works his mouth. 
SOMEONE shrugs. 
SOMEONE rests his cheek against the side of the beam. 
SOMEONE gazes tenderly at SOMEONE. He leans his face closer to her, and she smiles. 
She lifts her chin and her nose brushes against his. 
Opening her mouth, she kisses him hungrily. 
SOMEONE drapes her arms around his neck, as they passionately make out. He lifts her up, and she wraps her legs around him. As SOMEONE lowers himself to the floor, she straddles his lap. 
Now, as they walk down a sidewalk, SOMEONE clasps SOMEONE's hand to his chest. At the sun dappled construction site, SOMEONE arrives to find him working at the top of a ladder. 
She stops, watching him appreciatively. 
He spots her, and they share a warm smile. 
Now, SOMEONE holds his surfboard, tucked under his arm as they trod into the ocean. Later a wet-suit clad SOMEONE, crouches low on the board as she awkwardly rides a wave. 
Tumbling into the shallow water, she grins. From the shore, her female friend pouts beside SOMEONE, who sullenly watches the couple. Trying another wave, SOMEONE manages to stand briefly as SOMEONE cheers her on. 
Now, she hugs his arm as they walk hand in hand past a cafe. At the SOMEONE house, the young couple enjoys a meal with SOMEONE's father. 
Later, silhouetted by a dusky sky, SOMEONE frolics on the beach, playfully evading SOMEONE's grasp. 
He finally catches her in his arms. Lifts her and spins. At the construction site, the couple adds a plywood board to a wall. She swats her hand in front of him, as he hammers it in place. 
In a living room, SOMEONE sings and plays guitar for SOMEONE. 
In a hallway, SOMEONE sneaks up on her as she shuts a door. He turns her to face him, and they share a tender kiss. 
SOMEONE peeks around a corner. 
As his father paces in the living room, SOMEONE carries his girlfriend upstairs. Now they tumble unto his bed. 
Mr. SOMEONE slows, blinking. 
He gives a startled turn, then stares off. His brow knitted. 
Upstairs SOMEONE rolls off the bed, then scrambles to a closet and shuts herself in. 
She pulls at the door knobs, but he yanks the doors open. 
Pouncing at her side, he tickles her. 
As our view drifts upward, his armed uniform obscures them from view. 
Back in the living room, SOMEONE smiles as she plays the guitar. 
Reclining beside her, SOMEONE beams appreciatively. 
Now, tall reeds wave in a breeze as the young man hikes into view, and gazes ahead. On the beach, a small group plays volleyball amidst a boisterous party. Near a grill, SOMEONE pats SOMEONE's shoulder. 
Another group sits around two young men playing acoustic guitars. 
SOMEONE hangs back, pensively taking in the cheerful scene. 
Turning, he spots a solitary figure sitting alone at the base of a grassy dune. 
At the volleyball net, SOMEONE pauses. He watches his rival cross to the dune, then turns back to his game. 
SOMEONE hikes along a grassy ridge towards SOMEONE, and sneaks down behind her. He playfully grabs her side, startling the live young beauty. 
She smiles contentedly in his arms. 
SOMEONE lowers her troubled gaze. 
Pulling her closer, SOMEONE kisses her brow. 
He rocks her in his arms. 
Her lips creep into a faint smile, and he kisses her brow again. 
Turning, SOMEONE wraps her arms around him and lays him back against the dune. 
Later, they stroll toward the party. 
SOMEONE trots ahead a few paces and bends to pick up a seashell. As she straightens and pockets it, SOMEONE drapes a loving arm around her shoulder. 
He stops and faces her. 
SOMEONE lowers her gaze. 
SOMEONE starts to speak, then turns away. 
He sulks off, leaving his girlfriend behind. 
Reaching the party, he heads up a boardwalk. 
SOMEONE tosses him a can. 
SOMEONE chucks it aside. 
SOMEONE pulls him aside. 
He touches SOMEONE's chest. The soldier flings him to the ground. His buddy runs over, and SOMEONE punches him. 
SOMEONE rushes up behind the soldier. SOMEONE elbows him in the face. 
Glaring lividly, SOMEONE smacks his arm. SOMEONE faces her briefly, then leaves. SOMEONE cups a hand over his nose. 
SOMEONE crouches to him. 
At dusk, SOMEONE hikes along a dirt road. His feature obscured by shadow. An SUV rounds a turn, pulls up beside him, and continues on. 
Silhouetted against the gray sky, SOMEONE bows his head. His stride unbroken. 
Daytime, SOMEONE stands on SOMEONE's porch, knocking on the screen door. 
In the next yard, SOMEONE takes out the trash, sporting a black eye and a swollen nose. 
SOMEONE approaches him. 
SOMEONE shrugs his hand and steps forward. 
Getting a look at his face, SOMEONE slows. 
SOMEONE fishes a scrap of paper from the trash bin. 
SOMEONE meets the kind man who hands him the paper with a pen. 
SOMEONE nods, and steps away. 
Now an oven door opens, revealing two pans of lasagna. 
A pair of hands and oven mitts take them out and sets them on a stove. SOMEONE wanders into the kitchen. 
SOMEONE shuffles into the dining room. His father closes the oven door, crosses to an island counter and watches him. The young man clears one of three place settings from the dining room table. Taking it into the kitchen, he sets the plate, place mat and glass on the island. His father looks on as he starts to put the silverware away. 
SOMEONE puts the silverware back down. 
As he steps away, Mr. SOMEONE methodically sets the silverware aside. 
He picks up the plate in both hands. Sets it at a precise angle in a wooden case, and slides a glass door close in front of it. 
Later, we watch through a doorway, as father and son eat at the dining room table. SOMEONE gazes off as he chews, then looks down at his plate. 
His father picks at his food. 
SOMEONE watches him with a concerned expression. 
With a melancholy stare, Mr. SOMEONE scoops a large fork full of lasagna into his mouth and chews. 
He turns, facing a window. SOMEONE follows his gaze to find SOMEONE's car pulling up outside. Standing, he leaves the table. 
He goes outside and jogs down off the porch. Getting out of her car, SOMEONE faces him with an affectionate smirk. 
They embrace. 
He caresses her corn silk hair. 
He kisses her smooth forehead. 
She warps her arms around him. 
She gives him an envelope and he starts to open it. 
He drapes an arm around her shoulder and she hugs his waist as they head inside. 
Now they eat dinner with SOMEONE's father. 
Later as SOMEONE sits in her car, SOMEONE leans through the window and playfully grapples with her. 
She turns her face toward his and kisses him. In the house, Mr. SOMEONE looks up from his coins. A window shows SOMEONE's car pulling away. 
SOMEONE gazes after her. 
His image recedes as she drives away. 
With glistening eyes, SOMEONE watches him through her rear-view mirror. 
She tearfully looks away, and watches the road. 
Now at a bus station. 
He takes two bags from his father. 
The young man boards a waiting bus. 
Its long side window shows Mr. SOMEONE lingering on the spot, staring off as he stuffs his hands into his pockets. The bus pulls away. 
On the bus, SOMEONE reads SOMEONE's letter. 
Now amongst sleeping soldiers, SOMEONE reads by flashlight. 
Daytime at an airfield. 
The soldiers file off a plane in their camouflaged uniforms. Each carrying a duffel. 
SOMEONE exits the aircraft, squinting in the sun and proceeds across the tarmac. 
He eyes one of his peers. 
The dark-haired soldier stares defeatedly. 
Their mustached superior leaves. SOMEONE lowers his gaze. At dusk, the platoon crosses the airfield and climbs the boarding steps of a cargo plane. On board, SOMEONE writes a letter. 
Now a helicopter descends. SOMEONE rides on board among the others. 
He gazes at passing trees. 
The soldiers hop out of the landed chopper, one by one. Now they enter a crude village where a calf drinks from ruts of sitting water. 
He hands a letter to a pilot. 
SOMEONE watches the helicopter take off. 
Now multiple letters travel along four conveyor belts. One of them addressed to SOMEONE Curtis. Letters flip vertically through a machine. A bin of bundled letters slides down a track, and a postal worker sorts the letters into cubbies. On a college campus, a mailman takes a few letters from his satchel and places them into one of many PO boxes. From inside the PO box, we see SOMEONE take out her mail. 
On finding SOMEONE's letter, she smiles.  
She reads on her way to class. SOMEONE instructs African troops.  
In a lecture, SOMEONE sees SOMEONE reading. 
SOMEONE's dark-haired buddy goes through the newly receive mail. 
SOMEONE reads. 
Now, African women play drums and dance. Soldiers walk among merchants set up along a dirt road. A soldier in sunglasses chats with two local men. Another soldier exits a house and pats SOMEONE, who sits on a porch reading. 
SOMEONE leaves a horse and runs across the front yard to greet SOMEONE. 
She picks him up and twirls. 
Now they ride horses. 
She grins at the boy. 
Leaning on a fence, SOMEONE and SOMEONE watch SOMEONE feed a horse. 
SOMEONE writes. 
SOMEONE reads attentively. Nighttime in a tent. 
SOMEONE grabs the letter from him. Now SOMEONE receives another. 
She gazes at the moon. 
She covers the moon with her thumb. 
Her cheeks flushed. She holds her gaze steady. 
Now at Mr. SOMEONE's house. 
He hesitates at the door. 
He retrieves a small case from a lower drawer. 
Then takes out a coin, which he holds under a magnifying glass. 
Flipping the nickel over, he reveals the back of a penny. 
He glances around the desk, and finds another coin. SOMEONE smiles. 
Riding in the bed of a transport truck, SOMEONE reads "What's the story?". 
He stares off. 
In a flashback, a boy receives a handful of change from an ice-cream vendor. 
Leaving the van, the boy studies his change. 
Young SOMEONE licks his ice-cream cone. 
Later his dad's fingers rinse the peculiar coin under the faucet. 
In the kitchen, a younger Mr. SOMEONE studies the coin and shakes his head. 
He glances at the boy. 
Now at a pawn shop. 
SOMEONE brightens, his grin missing a couple baby teeth. 
Mr. SOMEONE collects the coin and tugs his son away. 
Mr. SOMEONE hurries down a sidewalk and briefly stops for SOMEONE to catch up. 
In another store. 
The clerk sets the coin on a square napkin. Bends down and digs under his counter to retrieve a pamphlet titled, The Four Thousand Dollar Mule. 
Mr. SOMEONE looks at his son. 
SOMEONE nods. 
The clerk grins. 
Now at another coin shop. 
They view coins on display. 
We tour a collection. 
Now older SOMEONE takes milk out of the fridge. 
He drinks from the carton. 
He tosses the carton back inside and shuts the door. 
His father opens the door and stands the carton upright. 
Now Mr. SOMEONE studies a coin. 
SOMEONE goes to a stereo in the living room. 
His father looks up from a coin. Seen distantly through the doorway, SOMEONE leaves the stereo and walks out of sight. 
His dad glances over his shoulder. 
On campus, a passing student bumps into SOMEONE as she reads. At the bottom of a staircase, she reaches a walkway where frantic peers gather and talk on cellphones. A confused SOMEONE holds SOMEONE's letter with both hands as she observes the anxious activity. 
As SOMEONE remains frozen, our view is sent to take in a bird's eye view of the chaos. Now wearing plain clothes, SOMEONE walks alone on a busy street in an eastern European town. A horse-drawn cart, a woman on a bicycle, and a man on a scooter crosses path. SOMEONE approaches a cafe, where pedestrians gather outside. Reaching the entrance, SOMEONE joins his dark-haired buddy to watch television news coverage. Black smoke billows from one of New York City's Twin Towers. 
SOMEONE breathes heavily as he watches SOMEONE falling off the building. 
Fade to black. 
Now in a hanger, the soldier’s superior approaches. 
SOMEONE packs. 
SOMEONE's friend rises. 
SOMEONE, the only one left seated, lowers his gaze. 
Later in a conference room, he shakes hands with two soldiers then grabs his bag. 
He eyes his dark-haired friend. 
Now a gray cargo plane lands on an airstrip. 
Inside a crowded airport, SOMEONE sees SOMEONE on the other side of a security gate. 
She ducks under a dividing rope, and hurries around to the other side. SOMEONE notices her and beams. She runs to him and leaps into his arms. 
As he spins her around, they kiss. 
A heavy-set traveler eyes them as he takes off his belt. 
Another man eyes them, holding out his arms for a guard. 
Later while SOMEONE drives, SOMEONE raises her free hand to his lips. He rubs her hand with his chin, then she strokes the back of his head, fondle his ear, and caresses his cheek. 
SOMEONE brushes her long blonde hair behind her shoulder. As he gazes at her, thumbing her hair around her ear, she meets his gaze and smiles. 
Now, outside his father's house. 
They approach the front door. 
Inside, Mr. SOMEONE sits on a chair and buttons a suit jacket. 
Behind him, the front door opens, and the couple enters. 
SOMEONE walks off, then returns to the sitting room. 
They follow him into the kitchen. 
He takes out the pan. 
Now Mr. SOMEONE sits in the back seat of SOMEONE's blue Volkswagen, as they drive away. On a country road, he nervously stares at the foiled wrapped meatloaf nestled in a cardboard box on his lap. 
SOMEONE glances at SOMEONE. Mr. SOMEONE squeezes his brow. 
Grimacing, he grabs at the door. SOMEONE reaches back. The car stops and Mr. SOMEONE gets out. A disheartened SOMEONE remains in the passenger seat, and rests his elbow on the window sill. 
Mr. SOMEONE slouches at the side of the road. 
She touches his back, and he walks off. 
He walks a few paces away, then halts and hunches forward, catching his breath. 
Now at the SOMEONE house, they get out of the car. 
Mr. SOMEONE goes to the front door. 
His father pauses. 
He enters the house. 
SOMEONE glances at SOMEONE, rolls his eyes, then returns to the car. 
Later on the road. 
SOMEONE meets her gaze. 
They both stare ahead somberly. 
Now SOMEONE's car pulls onto a private road. 
A stylish brunette woman in a white dress, crosses the front porch of a colonial plantation home, and greets arriving guests as she passes. 
She hugs SOMEONE. 
Well over a dozen cars sit parked on the front lawn. Inside, guests mingle over drinks and hor d'oeuvres. 
SOMEONE offers his hand. SOMEONE ignores him. 
SOMEONE returns and offers SOMEONE a drink. 
SOMEONE takes the drink and averts his gaze. 
SOMEONE nods. 
A cigar-smoking man approaches SOMEONE. 
As her father leaves, SOMEONE joins them. 
A blonde woman joins them. 
The woman and SOMEONE leave. 
The boy collects hor d'oeuvres on a plate. 
SOMEONE looks around self-consciously. 
SOMEONE sips his bourbon. 
SOMEONE nods and glances off. 
SOMEONE nods. 
SOMEONE eyes him. 
SOMEONE deflates. 
Now on the porch, SOMEONE paces behind SOMEONE. 
She leans on the railing, gazing out over the lawn as departing guests find their cars. He stands behind her, and she lowers her gaze. 
She flinches and shifts away from him. 
SOMEONE bows his head and faces her from the side. 
She looks at him ascant, then faces him fully. 
She grimaces, agonizing and SOMEONE lowers his gaze. 
She storms past him and disappears down the front steps, leaving him alone on the porch. SOMEONE watches her go, then swallows hard and hangs his head. 
Now as guests stroll around the Curtis' expansive grounds, SOMEONE finds SOMEONE siting alone on a bench overlooking a marsh. His pace slows as he draws closer. 
He gazes out at the wetlands as he waits a few feet away. 
SOMEONE clasps SOMEONE's head in her hands, then wraps her arms around his neck and pulls him into a tight embrace. She rests her chin on his shoulder as he holds her. 
She meets his gaze, then draws his face closer and kisses his forehead. 
Leading him by the hand, SOMEONE takes SOMEONE to her family's stables. Inside, she leans back against a wall as she unbuttons his dress shirt. 
He caresses her hair, then lovingly kisses her. 
Dim blue light outlines SOMEONE's corn silk hair. 
SOMEONE nuzzles the top of her head, as he sweeps her long blonde locks behind her back. 
She parts his shirt, and slips it off his shoulders. Then wraps her arms around his neck and kisses him hungrily. 
As SOMEONE kisses SOMEONE's neck, she lowers her dress and presses her body against his. 
Now, SOMEONE's toned upper body hovers above SOMEONE. 
Propped up by his arms, as she pulls his undershirt over his head. 
She then removes her bra. 
He lowers himself on top of her, and meets her lips with a passionate kiss. 
The muscles in his shoulders ripple as he and SOMEONE make love. 
He kisses her shoulder, then trails his lips from the tip of her chin, down her neck, and gently caresses her hair. 
He lies beside her, his arm reaching across her body, to stroke her corn silk tresses with his fingertips. 
They kiss sweetly. 
She stares distantly. Her hand clasping SOMEONE's smooth freckled shoulder. 
With a wistful look, she closes her eyes. 
A tear slides out. 
Glistening in the light. 
And rests at the corner of her eye. 
Now SOMEONE and SOMEONE hold hands as they stroll outside the stable into the daylight. 
SOMEONE carries her heels, and she wears his jacket over her dress. 
A wider view shows warm sunlight glinting through Spanish moss on a tree, as the couple embraces in front of the stables. 
Now wearing his fatigues, SOMEONE enters the airport with SOMEONE by his side. 
He spots his father waiting at a security checkpoint. 
As the couple draws closer, a grin crosses SOMEONE's face. 
Mr. SOMEONE smiles briefly, but avoids his gaze. 
SOMEONE glances at SOMEONE, who grins at Mr. SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE shares a quick look with SOMEONE, who turns away. 
He faces his father. 
They exchange smiles. 
Mr. SOMEONE shifts his gaze uneasily. 
SOMEONE extends his hand. With his eyes averted, Mr. SOMEONE shakes it. 
The soldier awkwardly watches his father, then turns to SOMEONE, who waits a few steps away. As she faces SOMEONE, Mr. SOMEONE walks past them and exits the airport. SOMEONE bends down and wraps his arms around SOMEONE's waist. 
They embrace tightly. 
SOMEONE straightens. 
Clasping his neck, SOMEONE kisses SOMEONE, then rests her forehead against his. 
He lifts his lips and kisses the top of her head. 
She looks up at him, tearfully. 
Tears shine in her red rimmed eyes. 
The corner of SOMEONE's mouth twitches into a tiny smile. 
He and SOMEONE kiss desperately. 
She cups SOMEONE's face in her hands as she kisses him one last time, then turns away and strides out of the airport. 
SOMEONE clenches his jaw as he watches her leave. 
Outside, she glances over her shoulder and smiles at him, then continues away. 
Now in a military plane, SOMEONE lies on some cargo netting as it takes off. 
Later in the hanger on base. 
The captain observes his men. 
Sitting on a crate, SOMEONE furrows his brow thoughtfully. 
He rises and stands at attention, joining the rest of his team. 
The captain nods. 
As the captain heads off, our bird's eye view of his men swings down to watch them collect their belongings. 
Now, an image of SOMEONE's address handwritten on an envelope, drifts into view. 
In Afghanistan, SOMEONE patrols a bustling street. 
He pauses to talk to a young boy. 
In a close-up of SOMEONE's letter, we glimpse fragments of sentences. 
Just not the same without you. Rises and sets for both of us, is what helps me survive day to day. Love SOMEONE. 
In a college classroom SOMEONE writes thoughtfully. 
A close-up shows her pen gracefully filling a page with elegant cursive. 
Back in Afghanistan, a pallet drops from a plane, and a parachute opens above it. 
Later, two soldiers approach the fallen crate. SOMEONE heads over and receives a mailbag. 
At the army camp, he distributes letters to soldiers. 
With a letter in his hand, SOMEONE sits on a cot. 
Now, a close-up shows a smooth cursive signature. Always SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE drops some letters on top of others in a metal box. Then closes the lid. He kicks it under his cot as he begins to write a reply on a pad of paper. In Charleston, SOMEONE and SOMEONE ride horses together. 
Back in Afghanistan, SOMEONE trains another soldier. 
The soldier fires at a target. 
SOMEONE pats him on the back. 
Close-ups of a pen show him writing the dates on more letters to SOMEONE. 
June, September, December. 
In Charleston, moonlight shines across SOMEONE's face as she lies awake in bed. Our view of the moon morphs into the blazing sun. 
In Afghanistan, SOMEONE riffles through a pile of letters. With a disappointed look, he turns away from the mailbag. 
Now he cleans a gun. 
Glancing up, he notices a soldier reclined on a cot, and reading a letter. 
In Charleston, SOMEONE sits alone on the beach. She closes her eyes regretfully. 
In Afghanistan, SOMEONE's dark-haired buddy, passes him with a mailbag. 
SOMEONE hangs his head as the soldier walks away. 
Now, SOMEONE cautiously glances around as he steps into a tent. 
He finds a cellphone on a desk, and reaches for it. Sitting down, he dials, then lifts the phone to his ear. 
Now dust billows as a bundled pallet parachutes to the ground. Later, a soldier opens a mailbag and searches its contents. 
Now, SOMEONE's dark-haired buddy carries a letter in one hand, and the mailbag in the other, as he enters the fenced-in base camp. 
Passing a group of soldiers playing football, he approaches other lounging on picnic tables outside a tent. 
He heads into the tent. 
SOMEONE sits at a weight machine. 
He hands SOMEONE the thin envelope. 
SOMEONE thoughtfully runs his thumb over it. Gauging its weight. 
Later, he sits outside and reads the letter. 
SOMEONE trudges into his tent with the letter. 
He sits on his cot. 
SOMEONE glances at the other soldiers. 
He lowers his miserable gaze to the handwritten pages. 
SOMEONE lifts his head into the sunlight, and bites his lip resolutely. 
Reaching under his cot, 
he extracts the metal box and carries it outside. As he pries off its cover, he fumbles it, and it falls to the ground. 
As SOMEONE retrieves his spilled letters, a soldier passes. 
Now, flames dance inside a trash can. 
SOMEONE tosses a stack of letters onto the fire. As he adds more from his box, his dark-haired buddy walks up. 
Clenching his jaw, SOMEONE shakes his head, as he continues to toss letters into the flames. His friend eyes him. 
SOMEONE dumps the remainder of the box into the trash can. 
He heads off, leaving SOMEONE staring at the fire. 
Later, a convoy of military vehicles trundles down a dirt road. 
Dust churns from their wheels. A Humvee passes a man leading a camel and maneuvers unto a busier road. 
SOMEONE rides inside. 
A man runs in front of their Humvee with his arms raised over his head. 
The Humvee stops, and the soldiers climb out with their guns drawn. 
SOMEONE heads away. 
SOMEONE's dark-haired friend joins him. With their guns at the ready, they creep around the parameter of a decrepit factory. 
The captain gestures to the rest of the team. Meanwhile, SOMEONE and Noodles round the corner of a deteriorating cement wall. Noodles glances at SOMEONE. 
A man on a balcony shoots Noodles. SOMEONE fires back, then talks into his radio. 
He grabs Noodles by the vest and drags him out of harm’s way. Then inspects the soldier's chest. 
SOMEONE extracts a bullet from Noodles' tactical vest. 
As SOMEONE helps Noodles stand, four bullets rip through him. 
SOMEONE falls back in slow motion. 
Soldiers fire at his shooter, who collapses. 
Kneeling beside SOMEONE, Noodles props him against a wall. 
SOMEONE's vision blurs. 
SOMEONE glances drowsily at Noodles. 
He gently slaps SOMEONE's cheek. 
Our view of the soldiers tilts upside down, then drifts to the ground. 
Now pale light shines through Venetian blinds, as SOMEONE lies in a bed. 
A hand adjusts the slats on the blinds and bright sunlight pours into the room. 
SOMEONE's head shifts, and his hazy vision finds a nurse at his bedside. 
She smiles down at the groggy soldier. 
As helooks at the nurse's kind expression, SOMEONE's vision gets blurrier, and he closes his eyes. 
Fade to black. 
Now, SOMEONE sits on the side of his bed, with his arm in a sling. Struggling, he manages to lift the strap over his head. He drops the sling on the floor. 
Eyeing his reflection in a mirror, he unsnaps the top of his hospital gown, to reveal his bandaged shoulder. 
He winces as he tears the tape and gauze from his skin. 
As SOMEONE slips one arm into a t-shirt, sunlight gleams on the scarred flesh of two bullet wounds on his back. 
Later, he straightens the collar of his army fatigues. Standing in front of the mirror in his uniform, he pulls his belt tight around his waist. 
Now, he enters a military building, and turns down a hallway. 
He finds the captain writing at a desk in his office. 
The captain looks up, as SOMEONE walks in. 
SOMEONE doesn't budge. 
He sullenly lowers himself into a chair, across from the captain. 
The captain grins. 
SOMEONE holds the captain's gaze. 
Now, a helicopter sweeps over a desert. 
Inside, SOMEONE shifts his gaze away from the open side door. 
Now, a smoke grenade billows on an Afghan street, as soldier’s race across it. 
SOMEONE searches an abandon building, his gun drawn. 
Outside of a village, three explosions burst from the ground. 
SOMEONE leads a group of soldiers down a rocky hill. 
He directs his team as they race away from a hut. 
It explodes and flames shoot into the sky. 
Now, words appear. Special forces base, Qatar. 
SOMEONE strolls into his room, and reclines on his bed. 
A soldier stops in the doorway. 
SOMEONE sits up with an alarmed look. 
He lowers his gaze from the soldier. 
Now, he stares out an airplane window. His eyes narrowing as sunlight rises across his face. 
Later in a hospital hallway, SOMEONE watches his father through a window. 
Tubes trail from Mr. SOMEONE's mouth to a nearby ventilator. 
A doctor stops beside SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE bows his head slightly and nods. 
Wearing his army uniform, and carrying two bags, SOMEONE mounts the steps to his dad's house. 
He sets one bag down, opens the screen door and heads inside. 
Dim light bathes his face as he steps into the kitchen. 
Dirty dishes, bottles, and jars clutter the counter top and stove. 
SOMEONE's haunted stare holds steady on the mess. 
He treads down a hall to his father's shadowy study, and lingers in the doorway. 
Now, he pulls open a drawer and finds a jumble of dozens of coins in small boxes. 
He takes out a blue velvet box and opens it. 
With a sober stare, he turns over the Jefferson Mule in his fingers. 
Seated at his father's desk. 
He lifts his head and gazes out a window. 
SOMEONE sets the coin aside, and takes out a blank sheet of paper. 
He lays it on the desk, then takes a pen from a holder and writes the word, Dear in the upper left hand corner. 
Now in the hospital, SOMEONE strides up to his father's room. But finds his bed empty. 
He glances around, uneasily. 
Doctors and nurses bustle past. 
His brow furrowed, SOMEONE spots a cot in the corridor, and strides toward it to find his father. 
The ailing man wears an oxygen mask. An IV bag hangs above his head. 
A doctor reading a file, continues on her way. 
Mr. SOMEONE gives a weary blink. 
SOMEONE stares at him uncomfortably. 
He takes an envelope from his back pocket. 
Glides his finger along its edge, then reluctantly hands it to his father. 
Mr. SOMEONE lifts the flap. 
With palsied hands, Mr. SOMEONE closes the envelope’s flap, and tucks the letter against the side of his body. 
SOMEONE sways awkwardly. 
He scoots a wheeled stool over, and takes a seat. 
As doctors and nurses stride past, he slides the letter out of the envelope. 
His father watches through heavy lidded eyes. 
His ailing father offers a series of slow nods. 
Mr. SOMEONE gazes at his son tenderly. 
His right hand trembles against his chest. 
SOMEONE's smoothly shaven jaw quivers as his eyes remain locked on his letter. 
He resolutely shakes his head. 
His father limply raises one hand and rests it against SOMEONE's shoulder. 
As it slides off, SOMEONE catches it, and lovingly touches his chin to his father's frail fingers. 
Mr. SOMEONE pulls his hand away and places his palm against SOMEONE's cheek. 
SOMEONE holds it in place with his own hand. 
Sliding his father's hand to cup the back of his neck. 
SOMEONE hunches down and hides his face in the crook of the man's frail arm. 
Mr. SOMEONE raises his other hand to his son. 
The soldier lifts his head. 
And his father strokes his short hair. 
SOMEONE gently collapses unto the man's chest. And the coin collector cradles him as best he can. 
Now, as misty rain pours down on an otherwise empty beach. 
SOMEONE sits beside his surfboard with his knees pulled up, and his head bowed. 
Later, lying belly down on his surfboard, he paddles out in the steel gray sea. 
Cloudy rain sheets down, as the waves buck and toss beneath him. 
He swings his legs into the water, and drops his unhooked ankle leash onto his board. 
Releasing his grip on the board. 
He lets himself drift away from it. 
As he floats on his back, 
a foamy wave breaks nearby. 
Water laps at his face, and flows over his mouth. 
His head sinks beneath the surface and he vanishes. His board gently bobs on the waves. 
A few feet under water, SOMEONE hovers vertically. His arms raised limply over his head. 
Bubbles stream out of his mouth, as he tips his head back. 
Later, still submerged, the grieving son buries his face in his hands. Then runs his fingers back into his hair, and covers his eyes with his palms. 
SOMEONE sits alone in a vacant church. A coffin stands in front of the alter. 
A pastor creeps in. 
The pastor nods, sympathetically. 
Then glances at the coffin and paces out. 
Wearing his dress uniform, SOMEONE stares off beneath his knitted brow. 
His gaze shifts and he blinks sadly. 
The pastor disappears through a doorway, leaving SOMEONE alone once again. 
Now, the soldier drives his car with a stoic frown. 
The images of passing trees reflect faintly on his windshield. 
The car pulls through the gate of SOMEONE's family home. And follows the winding drive around a knarled tree. 
Slowing, the car pulls up alongside the corral beside the modest stables. 
Inside, SOMEONE's slender long-legged silhouette stands, petting a horse. 
SOMEONE stops the car and takes out his keys. 
Her features lost in shadows, SOMEONE looks toward him. 
SOMEONE gets out and faces the stables. Nervously pursing his lips. 
SOMEONE quickly locks the horse into its stall. 
Her form still silhouetted against the stables rear open doorway. SOMEONE treads towards SOMEONE. 
He moves across the corral. 
His mouth twitches uneasily above his neatly pressed uniform shirt. 
The shadows hiding SOMEONE's face fade, as she steps outside into the gentle sunlight. 
It bathes her doe-like eyes and rosy cheeks. 
SOMEONE moves faster. 
A pain smile fades from his former lover's rosebud lips. She halts. 
SOMEONE continues toward her, then stops a few yards away. 
SOMEONE's corn silk hair lies captured in a tight braid, and she wears slim-fitting breaches and riding boots. She allows a smile. 
A brief grin flickers over the corner of his mouth, as he stares at SOMEONE intensely. 
Gazing back at him, she summons a deep breath. 
SOMEONE uncomfortably shoves a hand into his pocket. His lips parting sadly. 
SOMEONE swallows, dropping his gaze, then shakes his head and locks eyes with SOMEONE. 
Her jaw drops. 
She clutches both hands to her mouth and arches her brow. 
She studies SOMEONE sympathetically. 
He bows his head and shifts awkwardly from foot to foot. 
He reads a sign above the barn door. 
She forces a smile and gives a high shrug. 
SOMEONE lowers his stare and swallows. Swaying on his feet. Then looks back up at her. 
She tearfully meets his gaze before glancing away. 
SOMEONE offers a faint nod. 
Later in SOMEONE's dining room. 
SOMEONE nods, then sorrowfully shakes her head. 
SOMEONE stares down at the table. 
Smiling, SOMEONE drops his gaze. 
SOMEONE offers a candid grin. 
SOMEONE nods. 
She hurries away, and he idly looks around. 
The soldier gets up and ambles towards a mantle. 
Where several framed photographs stand. 
SOMEONE glances at him. 
She presses her lips together. 
One photograph shows SOMEONE in a wedding dress. 
She poses with SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE stares at the wedding photo. His brow knit. 
SOMEONE summons a breath and eyes him uneasily. 
SOMEONE swallows hard. 
In the photo, SOMEONE beams beside her bearded groom. 
Later, SOMEONE and SOMEONE stroll through a sunny park. 
Later in a hospital, they head into an atrium. 
They find a beardless SOMEONE sitting in a wheelchair. 
He musters a smile. 
A teenage SOMEONE jogs up. 
SOMEONE faces her husband. 
She kisses him. 
SOMEONE skips off after SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE stands awkwardly in front of the cancer patient. Clasping his hands. 
SOMEONE takes a seat and the ailing father studies him wryly. 
Nodding, the two men lock gazes. 
SOMEONE earnestly lifts his brow. 
SOMEONE drops his eyes. 
SOMEONE gives a long weary blink. 
The soldier's gaze drifts thoughtfully. 
SOMEONE stares off. His eyes bleary. 
SOMEONE tucks his lips into his mouth and bites them gently. 
SOMEONE watches SOMEONE as she stands with SOMEONE at a snack kiosk. 
SOMEONE bows his head, avoiding SOMEONE's gaze. 
The patient's lips twitch into a wincing smile. 
SOMEONE's eyes remain downcast. 
He lifts his head and glances at SOMEONE, blinking pensively. 
Later, SOMEONE's SUV parks in front of her plantation style home. 
SOMEONE gets out and races away. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE linger in the vehicle. Their seat-belts fastened. 
SOMEONE unbuckles. 
SOMEONE shakes her head. 
Staring off despondently. 
SOMEONE tightens her rosebud lips, then locks eyes with her former lover. 
SOMEONE manages a smile and looks away. 
In a dining room, SOMEONE pours herself a glass of wine. 
SOMEONE glowers. 
She uncomfortably shifts her gaze. 
As SOMEONE studies her inscrutably out of the corner of his eye, she rubs her lips together. 
Her wounded smile fades, and she looks to the ceiling. 
SOMEONE taps his fork against his plate and sets it down. 
SOMEONE stares with doe-like eyes, then lowers her dark lashes. 
SOMEONE glares, shifting his jaw. 
His mouth opens as if to speak. 
But he shuts it and looks away. 
He shakes his head. 
His intense gaze grows tearful. 
SOMEONE hangs her head. 
Bobbing it equivocatingly. 
She stares at the table. 
She looks up imploringly. 
SOMEONE gapes. 
SOMEONE rises and starts out of the room, then whirls around. 
SOMEONE pulls her into his arms. 
She buries her face against his chest. 
Cupping SOMEONE's head in his hand, he gently rocks her back and forth. 
Later in the sitting room. 
She removes a rubber band from a stack of SOMEONE's letters. 
He takes an envelope. 
SOMEONE slides out the letter inside. 
It reads, I love you, SOMEONE. 
As she reaches for the stack of letters, she knocks over a glass of wine. 
Liquid drips from SOMEONE's sleeve. 
SOMEONE unbuttons his wet sleeve as he heads into a bathroom. 
Behind him, SOMEONE stands just inside a bedroom with a door half open. 
She removes her blouse. 
As SOMEONE scrubs his sleeve, he glimpses a reflection of her bare back in the bathroom mirror. 
He eyes her longingly. 
SOMEONE brushes her hair back and turns, catching SOMEONE's gaze in the mirror. 
The former lovers lock eyes. 
SOMEONE turns away pulls a flannel shirt over her shoulders. SOMEONE bows his head. 
Now they head downstairs. 
She heads into the kitchen, but SOMEONE strides past the doorway. 
She glances back at him, then leans heavily on a counter. 
In the hall, SOMEONE shifts his weight uneasily, then treads toward the kitchen. 
As SOMEONE turns to face him, he halts in the doorway and stares at her resolutely. One hand shoved in his pocket. 
She tearfully locks eyes with him. 
Clenching his jaw. 
He holds SOMEONE's gaze. Then turns from the doorway and strides off. 
He walks into the dining room, and retrieves his jacket from the back of his chair. 
SOMEONE joins him, her dark-lashed eyes blinking forlornly. 
She looks to SOMEONE, then shyly shifts her gaze. 
He grinds his jaw as he watches her. 
She beams at him. 
SOMEONE looks away. 
His gaze downcast, he backs away. 
Then heads to the front door. 
He halts. 
SOMEONE stares at the floor. 
She takes a few steps toward him and raises her tearful eyes. 
As SOMEONE turns, she lifts her brow expectantly and offers a faint smile. 
He meets her pleading stare, then bows his head. 
He opens the screen door and steps outside. 
SOMEONE swallows, cringing as tears well in her eyes. 
She shakes her head disbelievingly. 
Outside, SOMEONE trudges to his car. His jacket slung over his shoulder. 
Inside, tears stream down SOMEONE's face. 
SOMEONE's car trundles down the driveway. 
Inside, SOMEONE rests his head against his hand. 
Tears shine on his face. 
His face seizes. His chin trembling. 
He rubs his brow, then pounds his hand on the steering wheel. 
He accidentally turns on his wipers and they glide across the windshield. 
He flips them off. 
Later at his house, he stands in his father's study with his hands in his pockets. 
He thoughtfully eyes the boxes of coins stored under a glass counter. Then pulls them out. 
Now at the Honest Coin dealer shop. 
Outside, SOMEONE opens his trunk to reveal the collection. 
Now in a desert, SOMEONE holds out his Jefferson Mule. 
SOMEONE flips the coin into the sand. The soldier inspects it. 
As SOMEONE leads the group, a soldier approaches him. 
He hands over an envelope. 
SOMEONE studies the envelope. 
Later, soldiers load cargo into vehicles as SOMEONE reads his letter. 
In a flashback, guests greet SOMEONE at a casual party. 
He laughs with SOMEONE. 
In another flashback, SOMEONE writes the letter. 
Nighttime, SOMEONE stands on her porch and gazes into the sky. 
Tears glisten in her eyes as she stares at the moon. 
Now, SOMEONE wheels a bike down a busy street. 
He wears a button down shirt and a neatly trimmed goatee. 
A view through a cafe window shows SOMEONE seated at a table by herself. 
SOMEONE's reflection appears on an adjoining window, as he bends to lock his bike to a parking meter. 
Inside, SOMEONE notices SOMEONE. 
Noticing her, he does a double take, 
and they share a smile. 
SOMEONE rises and heads outside. 
Grinning, she wraps her arms around SOMEONE's neck. 
And blissfully closes her eyes. 
SOMEONE holds her tightly. His face buried against her shoulder. 
The teacher catches a boy with a joint. 
He offers a bong. 
She reaches for it, letting her breasts hang out. 
Friday afternoon, SOMEONE opens a greeting card that reads, "To my granddaughter, you're my pocket full of sunshine." She finds a $5 SOMEONE inside. 
Saturday morning, SOMEONE opens the card again. 
Painting her toenails, she sings to a dog on her bed, then paints the dog's nails. 
Saturday afternoon. 
Saturday night, SOMEONE kneels before her dog, shaking her hips. Sunday morning, SOMEONE repeatedly opens and shuts the card. 
Sunday afternoon, in the shower. 
She glances about, then shuts the card and joins the dog on her bed. 
In the ladies room. 
Another girl steps out of a stall and glares at SOMEONE, while washing her hands. 
She flicks water at SOMEONE, and leaves. 
SOMEONE passes out flyers. 
Last year. 
A guy in a devil costume tears through a banner, his face and bare chest painted blue. Launching off a trampoline, he flips and dunks a basketball then hangs from the hoop. He throws his toy pitchfork into the crowd. 
This year. 
A plush Woodchuck mascot rips through a banner with a wheelbarrow of logs. He pretends to gnaw on one. 
He launches off the trampoline for a dunk, but falls on his face. 
He shows a title. 
Our view dashes across the school grounds to a guy on a cellphone. We zip into a classroom where a few students read a text message. In a theater class, a guy checks his phone while lying on stage mid rehearsal. 
We zoom out the window, then zip around the building into another class. Where a girl turns to show a text to a friend at a desk behind her. 
The friend turns to a guy behind her, then we shoot outside past a row of lockers to find SOMEONE. The red-haired teen stands alone. Listening to the chatter. 
Turning to go, she runs into SOMEONE with a snooty friend. 
They pat their hearts and raise their hands to the sky. 
She rejoins SOMEONE. 
Now at home. 
A black boy sits beside her. 
At school her peers stare. 
SOMEONE's hand shoots up. 
She faces SOMEONE. 
Now SOMEONE glares at SOMEONE, from behind an administrative counter, while aggressively stapling a document. 
SOMEONE pounds on the stapler. 
An athletic team steps into view, followed by a smaller guy holding a rag to his bloody nose. 
Now in the principal's office. 
He scribbles on a slip. 
He points at the door. 
Outside Woodchuck SOMEONE carries the head of his costume as he falls into step with SOMEONE. 
He high fives a guy. 
SOMEONE joins SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE mimics a boxer. 
She musses her friend's hair and saunters off. Now at home, SOMEONE's mother serves her peas. 
SOMEONE eyes her younger brother. 
Her brother eyes her plate. 
She kisses her mom. 
Her husband sits with their son. 
Now SOMEONE mops the gym. 
She grins at him. Now they clean a tennis court. 
Later, SOMEONE wipes graffiti from a bathroom stall. 
SOMEONE adds graffiti. 
Now on a ridge overlooking the town. 
Lounging on the hood of an old VW bug, SOMEONE reaches through the window and takes out her cellphone. 
SOMEONE nods. 
We peer through an arched hedge. 
SOMEONE rides into view on a scooter, lurches to a halt and dismounts awkwardly. He arrives at the Penderghast front door and knocks. SOMEONE's mother answers with a warm delighted smile. 
She pulls him inside. 
She faces a stairway. 
She leads SOMEONE upstairs. 
Under her puzzled stare, SOMEONE screws up his mouth and nods coolly. 
His eyes well with tears. 
SOMEONE shakes her head. 
SOMEONE stares imploringly at her. 
At the party, two teens water slide into a pool. 
She leans close to Melody. 
She pretends to munch on his ear. 
She shuts the door. 
She slips off a pair of red SOMEONE panties from under her skirt. 
She hangs them on the doorknob, blocking the keyhole. 
The bully tries to peer through, as a crowd gathers. SOMEONE eyes the drapes. 
He goes to the bed. 
The eavesdropping team swap looks. 
She slaps him, then cups a hand over his mouth. 
She spanks him with a book. 
He yanks him to his feet. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE jump on the bed and smack the wall. 
He slaps her rear end and she smacks him. 
She punches him in the gut. 
SOMEONE hops down off the bed as SOMEONE recovers. 
As he stands, she musses his hair and rumbles his shirt. 
Pausing, SOMEONE grabs her arm. 
Olives meets his earnest gaze. 
As she smiles and nods, he leans his forehead against hers. 
SOMEONE beams kindly, and gives another nod. Facing the door, SOMEONE halts. 
He hands her the panties. SOMEONE salutes him, then stuffs them in his pocket. 
The eavesdroppers scatter as SOMEONE opens the door. 
He heads into the hallway. 
His bully accosts him. 
The bully gives him a friendly shove into a crowd of congratulatory males. As SOMEONE makes her way through the hallway, other teens clear a path and stare at her. She nearly bumps into SOMEONE at a doorway. 
Behind her back, several guys crudely thrust their pelvises. 
As she turns around, they sheepishly stop. 
Now SOMEONE plays an acoustic guitar in her room. 
Her mother enters, bearing a green box wrapped with a blue ribbon. 
Her mother bumps and grinds her hips on her way out. 
SOMEONE bonds unto her bed and opens the box. Inside she finds a greeting card with a gift card. 
She pulls out a phallic object wrapped in tissue. 
SOMEONE sets it back in the box, and answers her cell. 
The box vibrates. 
She ends the call. 
She flings all the clothes out of her closet and storms out. 
Later, she returns toting a half dozen shopping bags. Now SOMEONE tears red fabric into scraps then meticulously cuts them up with scissors as her dog looks on. 
Pulling bustiers from the shopping bags, she sits to work with a needle and thread. 
She pricks herself. 
She sucks her thumb, but keeps working, cutting the thread with her teeth. 
Her father steps in. 
They share a grin, and he heads out. Later SOMEONE sews with a smile. She bites off the thread then studies her handiwork. 
In an outdoor breezeway, SOMEONE struts into a crowd of students wearing a black bustier with a red letter A sewn to the bust. A double strand of pearls rings her neck, and her auburn hair falls in soft curls around her face. Dark sunglasses hide her eyes above her coy smile. As she sashays onward, the students stare at her. 
She makes a kissy face. 
A girl and guy watched slack-jawed. SOMEONE smirks to herself. 
With a bustier showing off her narrow waist, she halts facing SOMEONE and SOMEONE. The blonde eyes her friend scandalous outfit, and shakes her head. 
SOMEONE frowns. 
SOMEONE smacks SOMEONE. 
Now at the lunch counter, SOMEONE serves herself mashed potatoes. Two guys ogle her. She eats some of her potatoes, and sucks the spoon. 
One guy drops his tray. As they scramble away, SOMEONE finds herself facing SOMEONE, who snares and heads off. 
Seeing Mr. SOMEONE behind her, SOMEONE yanks the spoon from her mouth. 
Now in a gazebo. 
She points at everyone. 
A hunky guy with a cross necklace accompanies a boy on guitar. 
SOMEONE climbs out of a lap pool. 
He gives her a playful shove. A chubby guy drives off behind her. 
She stutters and stalks off. 
She gives him an angry gape. SOMEONE blinks shamefully. 
He gestures at his chunky build. 
He plods away. 
SOMEONE lingers, brushing her hair back. 
She watches as SOMEONE plops down on a bench. 
He glumly eats a snack. SOMEONE bombs her head equivocatingly. 
His hopeful expression fades as she saunters off. 
Our view zooms from guys texting at the pool, to more guys huddle around a cellphone on the soccer field. 
Nearby, a girl talks to a football player. She heads to the track, where four other girls race, then stop and huddle around a phone. 
Our view whizzes to the bleachers, where another girl chats with a couple. 
We zoom through tennis courts, through a locker room, and into the gym. A dance team reads a text, as they rehearse a can-can. We whiz back through the locker room, to the lap pool, where SOMEONE stands uncomfortably. A guy points at her. 
A Christian boy play guitar. 
Paris Bueller sings. 
SOMEONE shows another page to her webcam. 
Now she knocks on Mr. SOMEONE's open door. 
She takes a seat facing his desk. 
He nods, then waggles a finger at a scarlet A on her pink bustier. 
A tall blonde enters. 
SOMEONE leaves. 
As they kiss, he gropes her rear. 
He pinches her butt. 
He stares longingly after his wife, then frowns and shifts his gaze. Now in the administrative office, SOMEONE sharpens pencils and blows off the shavings. 
SOMEONE scowls at SOMEONE, who winks back at her. 
She shows a plaque. 
SOMEONE nods blankly. 
She offers a handful of condoms. 
Mrs. SOMEONE nods and smiles as SOMEONE collects her things. 
In the main office, SOMEONE finds SOMEONE comforting Micah. 
SOMEONE squeezes his arm and murmurs. He tearfully heads toward the counselor's office. 
She kisses her fingers, pats her hand over her heart, then raises it skyward. Micah does the same. 
SOMEONE takes a seat beside SOMEONE, and awkwardly pats the sobbing girl's head. 
SOMEONE grabs her. 
She yanks her into a hug. 
SOMEONE seizes her in another hug. 
SOMEONE shakes her head. 
As they hug again, SOMEONE sniffs her hair. 
The next day they hug again. 
SOMEONE points at her phone. SOMEONE reads her text. "Hey girlie, hang after SKL today, xoxox. WWJD." 
SOMEONE points at her ceramics partner and mimes gagging. SOMEONE gives a sarcastic thumbs up. 
As they hug, SOMEONE rests her hand near a spinning table saw. 
SOMEONE uses a wooden cross to edge it away. Now in a hospital room. 
His mother swats him. 
She smacks him again. Later she uses her cellphone. 
Now in the school office, SOMEONE holds a phone to her ear. 
Mrs. SOMEONE steps in and overhears. 
Now SOMEONE storms into the locker room. 
She slaps SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE smirks. Now Micah uses his cell. 
Mrs. SOMEONE hangs up. 
She paces in her office, a hand cupped over her mouth. 
SOMEONE walks in. 
She throws a photo of herself with her husband into a box, breaking the frame. 
SOMEONE stares sympathetically at the tearful guidance counselor. 
Mrs. SOMEONE looks up at her. 
She nods emphatically. SOMEONE lays a hand on her shoulder. 
SOMEONE winces, then lowers her hand. 
Mrs. SOMEONE pulls her into a hug. Her hair pokes into SOMEONE's mouth. 
Later SOMEONE steps outside, to find the fundamentalists holding signs reading variations of, "Olive is a slut." 
SOMEONE pickets. 
She rejoins the group. As SOMEONE starts to leave, she bumps into SOMEONE. 
He glimpses at the protesters. 
SOMEONE turns away. 
With her back to SOMEONE and the protesters, she wears a wounded stare as she walks away. 
At a bookstore. 
Later she flips through a Bible. 
Now at a church. 
SOMEONE steps into a confessional booth. 
SOMEONE's large green eyes glisten. 
The young outcast gives a slow nod, then shrugs tearfully. 
Light from the confessional's grated screen cast an ornate shadow pattern against her cheek. 
Looking in, she finds the priest's booth empty. 
She leaves the confessional and rushes past a pew, knocking a Bible from the seat. She puts it back and hurries out. 
Now in the pastor's office. 
His placid smile briefly vanishes. 
She knocks over a family photo. Righting it, she finds SOMEONE in the picture. 
She topples another photo of him and SOMEONE. 
Now at home, SOMEONE sits on a sectional with her mom and brother. 
In the cafeteria. 
SOMEONE smiles as he stands. 
She beams softly to herself. 
Nighttime at the Lobster Shack, SOMEONE shares a booth with SOMEONE who wears a demure black dress. 
He smiles boyishly. 
Under SOMEONE's unwavering gaze, SOMEONE gives a nervous nod, then looks down at the table. 
Wearing a plush lobster on his head, SOMEONE leads fellow servers to a table. 
Watching fondly, SOMEONE spies SOMEONE on the other side of a fish tank. 
SOMEONE spots them. 
Sneaking out, SOMEONE glances over and finds her staring. 
SOMEONE turns away. 
Later, SOMEONE walks her to a car. 
She starts to open the passenger door, but he shuts it. 
He presents a gift card. 
Staring at it, SOMEONE tears up and bites her lip. 
SOMEONE looks up at him with a wounded glare. 
He kisses her. She pulls back. 
He tries again. She pushes him away. 
He grabs her. 
She shoves him. 
He leans in again. 
SOMEONE wrestles him off her. Then marches toward the restaurant. 
She chucks the gift card at him. 
She turns her back to him and cries. 
She bites her lip hard. SOMEONE gets in his car. 
SOMEONE picks at the stitching of her A. 
SOMEONE comes out from the back of the building. 
SOMEONE's car peals through the parking lot as the off-duty waiter approaches the tearful girl. 
She gives a grateful nod. 
Now SOMEONE drives, as SOMEONE cries in the passenger seat. 
She shakes her head, wincing tearfully. 
They smile and lock eyes. SOMEONE bashfully drops her gaze. 
Knitting her brow, she shakes her head. SOMEONE blinks. 
She unbuckles her seat belt and they share a tight embrace. 
SOMEONE buries his face in her shoulder. 
As she pulls away, he holds on to her hand. 
She pulls it away, and opens the door. Then swings her long slender legs outside. 
She stands and shuts the door behind her, strolling off. 
Facing the car once again, she leans down to peak at SOMEONE through the window. 
He rolls it down. And turns off the ignition. 
She cringes, rolling her eyes, then heads off. 
She grins at him over her shoulder. 
The gossipy girl dashes off. 
She crumbles ice-cream cones at the chubby server. 
Micah scratches himself as he reads a Bible. 
SOMEONE stares wide-eyed. Mrs. SOMEONE smiles, and shifts in her seat. 
SOMEONE hurries out and runs across the quad into Mr. SOMEONE's classroom. 
SOMEONE's jaw drops and she shakes her head. 
She shifts her horrified gaze. 
Now at her webcam. 
Mr. SOMEONE trudges though campus. 
Nighttime on the ridge. 
SOMEONE shows her scarf. 
The mother kisses her daughter's head. 
She cradles SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE shows a glittery sign to her webcam. 
Now in a packed gym, SOMEONE rolls out the wheelbarrow. SOMEONE climbs out of the wood in a feather boa. 
She rips off SOMEONE's Woodchuck costume, revealing his blue devil costume. 
They share a grin. 
In the stands, the fundamentalists stare as other students smile and clap. 
SOMEONE pumps his fist. 
SOMEONE kisses SOMEONE's cheek and gives her the feather boa. 
In a black corset with red stripes, SOMEONE bumps her hip at a gawking basketball player. Then smacks a dancer's rear. 
SOMEONE's jaw drops. SOMEONE pulls the slide of a band member's trombone, and poses with SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE narrows her eyes. 
Principal Gibbons storms over. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE swap disgusted looks. 
SOMEONE takes SOMEONE's arm and scampers out with him. 
Later she faces her webcam as her classmates, teachers, and family watch her webcast. 
SOMEONE peeks outside, and finds SOMEONE standing on a lawnmower holding a pair of speakers. 
She faces her webcam once again. 
Her brother stares, listening in. 
The webcast shows her grin and trod out the door. 
The pastor frowns at his laptop. 
SOMEONE watches on a cellphone and a truck almost hits him. 
He hurls ice cream at it. 
Now, Mr. SOMEONE stares steadily at his laptop. 
His wife smiles at him, but he ignores her. 
She sheepishly sucks her lips and heads off. 
Mr., SOMEONE watches her go. 
In the gazebo, SOMEONE soberly touches her cross necklace. 
SOMEONE sits at a fountain, staring at a text that reads, "Ri, sorry I lied to you." 
The busty blonde gazes off tearfully. 
Now in a hotel room, SOMEONE lies in bed. 
His beefy mocha skin boyfriend snuggles up behind him and they watch Huckleberry Finn on a laptop. 
SOMEONE smiles. Now outside, SOMEONE leaps into SOMEONE's arms. 
He whirls her around, then sets her down. They share a sweet passionate kiss. 
SOMEONE takes SOMEONE's hand, then leads her to the lawnmower. 
She climbs onto the rear grass-bagger as SOMEONE takes a seat at the wheel. 
She wraps her arm around his chest and they ride off. 
They wheel slowly across the lawn. 
SOMEONE raises an arm victoriously, and so does SOMEONE. 
Their image freezes. 
They drive onward, keeping their fists in the air. 
The mower carries them up a tree-lined road on a hill. 
The frowning beauty arrives beside SOMEONE and accidentally drops her purse. 
As he sets it on the bar, she spies his wedding ring. 
The pair leaves. 
She puts his hand on her breast. 
He keeps his hand on her chest. Beverly Hills 2011. 
He leaves a note on a young woman's pillow, Cindy I had a great night. 
P.S, thanks for not beating me like my wife does. 
Now at a medical practice, a woman takes a stiff dark liquid filled sack from a box. 
A deliveryman eyes the product. 
She grabs her own breast. The man reaches for it. 
With a woman who has one eyebrow much higher than the other. 
SOMEONE’s botched eyebrow rises even higher. 
SOMEONE dryly lowers her chin. 
Her eyebrow remains cocked. 
She nods. 
Her brow shoots to her hairline. 
As he hugs her, she waggles her brows. 
SOMEONE's cousin arrives. 
SOMEONE eyes SOMEONE. 
Now stylish guests attend a hip party at a mansion overlooking the ocean. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE approach a man with an unnaturally stiff, smooth face. 
As they down drinks, wine spills down his chin. 
Now in a bathroom. 
SOMEONE pockets his ring. 
He gives Ariel a shot, then smacks him. 
Later, they leave the bathroom. 
Clad in a filmy cerulean dress, a young statuesque beauty with sun-kissed skin and long blonde hair approaches SOMEONE. 
The longtime bachelor stops in his tracks and stares. 
As the pair steps outside, Adon struggles to close his lips around his straw. 
A taut-faced woman. 
Later on the beach. 
SOMEONE leans in and kisses him. Their arms twine around each other and they sway on their feet. 
In a nock encased by tall rock formations, SOMEONE and SOMEONE lie between two blankets. 
Digging through his pockets, SOMEONE finds the wedding ring. Her smile vanishes as she holds it up. 
She chucks the ring at him. 
She marches down the beach. Now at SOMEONE's medical practice. 
SOMEONE tosses her hair and smiles vapidly. 
Two kids enter with a stout SOMEONE. 
The SOMEONE plays a hand-held video game. 
SOMEONE faces him with a wide-eyed smirk. 
Now at a private school, SOMEONE leads a student through a crowded hallway. SOMEONE enters with flowers. Seeing him, the young teacher turns away. 
She dumps the extravagant bouquet in a trash bin. 
SOMEONE takes him to a classroom. 
SOMEONE faces a window. From the other side, Silas glares and points menacingly. 
On Rodeo Drive. 
Now in a high-end store, she wobbles in a pair of four-inch heels. 
SOMEONE gives her a gentle shove, and she falls over. 
Now SOMEONE eyes a vast display of designer handbags. 
Later, SOMEONE carries a few shopping bags in each hand, as he follows her. 
In a store, SOMEONE tries on one stylish curve-hugging dress after another. 
SOMEONE gives her a playful shove, and she swats at him. 
She shakes her hips, and they laugh. 
Later, SOMEONE follows her out of Tiffany's, loaded down with shopping bags. Now a hairdresser eyes SOMEONE appraisingly. 
She frowns as he coldly approaches. 
Bending down, he takes up handfuls of her long honey-brown hair and peers closely at it. 
Now at an upscale sunlit lounge. 
From a stairway, SOMEONE ascends into view in a white sheet dress that shows off her long tan legs and graceful curves. 
Her hair tousled in sexy waves, she smirks through glamorous sunglasses. A distinguished man in a suit trails her dutifully. 
SOMEONE turns and her jaw drops at the site of the other woman. 
Moving in slow motion, SOMEONE blows a kiss to a stranger. 
She slaps the waiter's rear. 
SOMEONE nearly chokes on her red wine. 
SOMEONE jolts. 
She kicks SOMEONE hard in the shin. 
Later, they leave. 
Facing SOMEONE, she finds him staring pointedly at her. 
She abruptly gets in the limo. 
SOMEONE turns to SOMEONE, who stares agog at him. 
At Pizza Hut. 
The SOMEONE salsa dances around a janitor. 
They shake hands on it. 
SOMEONE faces her younger brother. 
SOMEONE pours soda into his glass, then takes a sip through a straw. All the while, keeping a cold glare fixed on SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE sucks on his straw as if it's a cigarette. 
The girl picks up her slice and winces at it. 
A woman with mismatched breasts. 
They go to the exam room. 
SOMEONE meets his gaze, sheepishly. SOMEONE grins. 
He wags his finger in his chin. 
SOMEONE stares at SOMEONE. 
He reaches for her phone. She swats him away, then answers. 
She ends the call. Returning to Mrs. Harrington, she finds SOMEONE staring at her. 
A lopsided bra. 
He wiggles his finger from his chin. 
Outside, JD McFunnigans. 
SOMEONE steps out of her car in a tight dress. 
In slow motion, SOMEONE, SOMEONE and the kids try to cross the parking lot. 
A boy holding a soda cup runs out in front of them. He stops and turns. As his pregnant mother catches up, he chucks the full cup at her and runs off. 
Soaked with soda, the pregnant woman raises her hands overhand and yells after him. 
Everyone still moving in slow motion, SOMEONE, SOMEONE, and the kids watch the furious woman chase after her 
Inside, children run wildly through an elaborate play structure with tunnels, slides, and climbing ropes. SOMEONE enters with SOMEONE and the kids. 
A chubby boy trips and head-butts SOMEONE in the crotch. 
SOMEONE approaches. 
SOMEONE stares at him. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE share a look. 
She runs away. 
SOMEONE leaves and SOMEONE faces SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE follows SOMEONE through the play structure. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE look up from the floor. 
A little boy sneezes on SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE eyes him. 
She beams and takes a bite. 
SOMEONE mouths, Thank you. 
SOMEONE returns. 
SOMEONE grins at him, then hangs his head and cries. 
Now at LAX, SOMEONE sits with SOMEONE and the kids in a busy airport terminal. 
A bespectacled SOMEONE kisses SOMEONE on the lips until she pushes him off. 
He wags his tongue, and SOMEONE catches it. 
She drags him aside and wipes her hand on his vest. 
He points to his round glasses. 
SOMEONE backhands him. 
Now a Hawaiian airliner soars over turquoise water. 
On the island, a luxurious beachside resort boasts several swimming pools on its manicured grounds. 
Beyond a large reflecting pool in the lobby, the family arrives. SOMEONE approaches the registration desk. 
SOMEONE takes out his credit card then returns to the others. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE raise their hands. Now on a palm tree lined beach, SOMEONE steps out of the water in a yellow string bikini. SOMEONE and SOMEONE check her out as they cross the sand. The voluptuous young woman brushes back her long blonde hair. Ogling her, SOMEONE lifts his round glasses. 
SOMEONE walks his fingers up SOMEONE's arm. Later outside a jewelry store. 
Nighttime at a luau, fire dancers perform while the group eats dinner. 
SOMEONE takes a pitcher from the waiter. 
The kids swap a look. 
The petite redhead flounces over. 
He kisses SOMEONE's cheek. 
SOMEONE squints at them. 
The guys pound fists. 
Dawn in the lobby. 
Now in a lush tropical forest, the group hikes a trail. 
The black-haired pig charges them and they run. SOMEONE knocks SOMEONE down, and the pig steps on his back. 
Later, the group hikes a narrow trail beside a canyon. 
SOMEONE scales a steep hill, while the others lag behind. Hiking through bamboo stalks, she leads the group up another incline. 
On a river, they paddle two-person canoes. Sitting behind SOMEONE, SOMEONE gawks at the exposed crack of her rear. 
SOMEONE whacks him with her paddle. 
Now as all six of them cross a rope bridge, a family of four spots them from below. 
SOMEONE stands at the tail end. 
A board breaks, and he lands on a crossbeam, crotch first. 
SOMEONE chucks SOMEONE into a mud puddle. 
She lifts her face from the sticky muck. 
Now at a lagoon with a waterfall. 
SOMEONE strips down to a skimpy string bikini. 
She goes to the water's edge. 
SOMEONE dives gracefully into the water. 
SOMEONE approaches the water. 
SOMEONE shyly whispers to his mother. 
On the far side of the lagoon, SOMEONE emerges from the water. 
She picks her way over some jagged rocks, and stands beneath the waterfall. 
He tries to high five SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE strips down to a pink string bikini, revealing her tan slender body. 
In slow motion, she saunters to the water. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE stare slack-jawed at SOMEONE's well-toned figure. 
SOMEONE steps away. SOMEONE picks her way out to a rocky point. 
SOMEONE dives into the water. Cladding briefs with frogs printed on them, SOMEONE climbs rocks by the waterfall. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE lounge near-by. 
He drops to the water, landing on his back. 
Now back at the hotel, the group disembarks from a shuttle. 
Evening in SOMEONE's suite. 
He wags his finger from his chin. 
As she leaves, SOMEONE approaches her in the hallway. 
SOMEONE punches him in the gut and keeps walking. 
Later in SOMEONE's suite. 
SOMEONE draws a card and reads. 
SOMEONE draws a card. 
SOMEONE shrugs. 
As he cries, SOMEONE goes to comfort him. 
SOMEONE glares at SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE storms off. 
SOMEONE holds her crying brother in her arms. Turning, SOMEONE smacks his shoulder. 
Now he tucks them in. 
SOMEONE looks in on them. 
SOMEONE leaves. SOMEONE shoves the kids back down on the bed. 
Now on a putting green overlooking the ocean. 
He gives her the putting flag. 
The flag juts up from his butt cheeks. Now by the hotel pool, he wears water wings. 
SOMEONE tosses him into the pool. SOMEONE surfaces and scoops him up in his arms. 
Later, SOMEONE holds SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE puppets a dolphin shaped cookie. 
SOMEONE flails his arms and kicks his legs. Slowly making his way towards the pool's edge. As he arrives, SOMEONE feeds him the cookie and tousles his wet hair. 
At a spa. 
The women get massages. 
SOMEONE's brow furrows. At the pool. 
SOMEONE takes off his water wings. 
SOMEONE tosses SOMEONE from his arms, and the little boy flails and kicks his way across the pool. SOMEONE and SOMEONE arrive. 
SOMEONE's head dips below the water, and he lifts it back out. 
SOMEONE reaches the pool's edge, high fives his mother and grins broadly. SOMEONE happily picks up SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE removes her sunglasses, and smiles lovingly at SOMEONE. 
Beside her, SOMEONE takes off her shades and regards him with a fond gaze. 
SOMEONE drops SOMEONE in the water. 
SOMEONE urges SOMEONE to intervene. 
SOMEONE shoves SOMEONE into the pool. 
He jumps in the water, dunks her and holds her under. 
He lets SOMEONE up, and she splashes him. 
In SOMEONE's suite, he talks on the phone. 
SOMEONE emerges from the bathroom, wrapped in a towel. Reclining on a sofa, SOMEONE struggles to sit up. 
SOMEONE drops her towel. SOMEONE tosses an apple between his hands. 
He resumes his call. 
SOMEONE enters the bathroom. In the shower, SOMEONE dances and lip-syncs. 
He switches off the music. 
SOMEONE joins SOMEONE, eating a mango she thrusts the phone at him. 
She smacks him. 
He ends the call. 
She gestures to the bathroom, where a pillow and a blanket sit in the tub. 
Now at an upscale restaurant, a woman gracefully hula dances to music by a live band. At a table, SOMEONE scrutinizes a wine list. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE pout and rub noses. 
SOMEONE notices SOMEONE staring at his lap. She receives a text from him reading, I think they took one of your yellow bombers. 
Glancing at the couple, she suppresses a grin. SOMEONE receives her reply. I just hope their noses are clean. 
Now a hybrid car pulls up to a dilapidated outdoor barbecue restaurant. 
At dinner, SOMEONE and SOMEONE swap a look. 
The waitress pours wine. 
SOMEONE gapes. 
He faces SOMEONE. 
They rub their noses together. 
SOMEONE leaves. 
With SOMEONE and SOMEONE. 
The local girl leads them around back. 
A crowd gathers. SOMEONE nervously approaches the white sheep, which lies on its side. He pokes it a few times. 
With SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE mockingly mimes an overbite. 
Gazing into his eyes, SOMEONE softly nods. 
SOMEONE meets her gaze, and nods as well. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE shift in their seats. Meanwhile, SOMEONE waves the limp sheep's legs. 
He shoves hay in its mouth and grabs her udder. 
He does CPR. 
He drops his elbow into its belly. 
He tries the Heimlich maneuver. 
A plastic fish pops out, and the sheep walks away. 
The girl hugs SOMEONE, then he gives her the Heimlich maneuver. 
SOMEONE downs a shot. 
She downs another. 
SOMEONE leads a group of ladies in bra tops and grass skirts. 
SOMEONE re-positions herself center-stage in front of her rival. The ladies start to dance. 
He holds his hand over an elderly woman. 
As he guides her off stage, SOMEONE gives her a hug. 
Tanner highlights SOMEONE. 
He moves on to SOMEONE. 
A heavy-set woman shimmies in a coconut top. 
She storms off. Only SOMEONE and SOMEONE remain. 
SOMEONE raises her arms overhead and shakes her hips. 
SOMEONE eyes SOMEONE, then matches her hip action. SOMEONE glares. 
The tall redhead shakes her head and circles her bent arms, then points to SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE looks to SOMEONE, who gestures forward to show off her own moves. She shrugs her shoulders, then does a break dancing arm wave, and stops facing SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE opens his arms. SOMEONE glances at her opponent, then breaks into a lively Charleston, kicking up her heels. She twirls like a ballerina, then points back to SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE lowers her center of gravity, then mimes as though she were juggling. She juggles pretend balls behind her back, catches them in her bosom and throws one to SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE watches her rival. With her back to the crowd, SOMEONE gyrates her rear. Slow at first, then faster, and faster. 
SOMEONE does the same, until SOMEONE does an aerial cartwheel, twirls and drops into a split. 
She raises her arm in a final pose. 
SOMEONE hulas in front of SOMEONE, then shakes her hips while raising her arms overhead. 
SOMEONE pushes SOMEONE out of the way and poses again. She gets up and blows SOMEONE kisses. 
SOMEONE flashes her rear, and all of the men stand up. 
SOMEONE grabs the mic. 
Later, each couple holds a coconut between them. 
Both couples struggle to raise their coconuts above their bellies. 
SOMEONE kneels, resting the coconut at SOMEONE's waist on her cleavage. 
SOMEONE's chin holds the coconut at SOMEONE's crotch. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE bring their coconut up to their chests. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE drop their coconut on the floor. 
SOMEONE lowers his butt over the coconut. 
He lifts the coconut off of the floor. 
He waddles around, then lifts his backside to SOMEONE's waist. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE hold their coconut between their necks. 
With their mouth under their coconut, SOMEONE pushes it up to SOMEONE's lips. 
SOMEONE drops hers. With their eyes locked, SOMEONE and SOMEONE let their coconut fall. 
SOMEONE storms off. 
SOMEONE follows. 
At SOMEONE's door. 
He wags his finger at his chin. 
SOMEONE jolts, then hugs her kids. 
An obese woman sleeps on a couch. 
They shake hands. 
As SOMEONE walks away, SOMEONE slowly shuts the door to her suite. 
Now SOMEONE steps off of an elevator and crosses a hallway, with his hand shoved in his pockets. 
At the end of another hall, he reaches the door to his own suite and stops. 
Rounding a corner, he breaks into a run. SOMEONE jogs back to the elevators and presses the call button. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE step out. 
SOMEONE points to his ring finger. 
The elevator opens and SOMEONE freezes. 
She shares a gaze with SOMEONE as the elevator doors close. 
Later, we drift over a bed, to find SOMEONE lying alone. 
Staring thoughtfully, he fondles his wedding ring between his fingertips. 
In the next room, SOMEONE tries on short white dresses while chatting on the phone. 
Elsewhere, SOMEONE lies awake in bed. She restlessly wipes her nose, and flips on her other side. 
In the bathroom, SOMEONE sleeps in the cramped tub. 
As he turns on his side, his left hand lands in the toilet. 
Later, SOMEONE lies sound asleep, resting her head on SOMEONE's shoulder. 
He remains awake, staring blankly across the room. 
SOMEONE lies awake in bed. SOMEONE rests beside her. 
The brown-haired girl takes her mother's hand and rests her head on SOMEONE's pillow. 
Half asleep, SOMEONE ambles into the bathroom, where SOMEONE still sleeps with his hand in the toilet. 
The bed-headed boy drops his shorts, then sits on the bowl hunched forward with his arms dangling between his knees. 
SOMEONE wakes, noticing his hand, and yanks it out of the bowl. 
He grabs a towel and wraps his arm. 
He storms out past the boy. 
Later, SOMEONE steps outside. Surrounded by tropical plants and lit candles, he makes a call on a portable phone. 
SOMEONE answers a bedside phone. 
SOMEONE shakes his head. 
SOMEONE pensively rubs his chin. 
Perched on the edge of a hot tub, SOMEONE stares ahead and lowers the phone. 
Now silhouetted against the moonlit ocean, a pod of dolphins leap from the water. 
In the lobby, SOMEONE faces the concierge. 
SOMEONE arrives nearby. 
The blonde approaches wearing a white dress and a magnolia in her hair. 
As SOMEONE hugs her, SOMEONE spies SOMEONE helping her kids pick out clothes in a gift shop. 
She watches him with wistful lovelorn gaze. 
Now in an outdoor beachfront bar, SOMEONE finishes off a tropical cocktail, as the bartender brings her another. 
SOMEONE sits beside SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE sips a cocktail. 
SOMEONE regards her with a sober frown. 
SOMEONE shrugs her hand. 
SOMEONE checks up sailors. 
Across the bar, SOMEONE clownishly hula dances for the sailors. 
The two women hug. 
SOMEONE sits next to them. 
SOMEONE doubles over laughing with the sailors. 
He cocks his head patiently. 
SOMEONE tilts his head and grins. Beaming, SOMEONE shakes her head fondly. 
Her old friend gives a small nod. Leaning in, she gives him a passionate kiss. 
The sailors and SOMEONE watch. 
Now in a life-vest, SOMEONE faces a dolphin. 
Two push him through the water with their noses. 
On an airplane. 
Now at a wedding reception. 
SOMEONE sits alone. 
SOMEONE leads him to the dance floor. Nearby, SOMEONE clownishly poses for photos with a gaggle of attractive young women. 
Slow dancing with his wife, SOMEONE eyes the stage. 
SOMEONE sports a long soul patch. SOMEONE wags his finger from his chin. 
SOMEONE grimaces as he plays. His inches long pillar of facial hair waving in a breeze. He makes the gesture again. 
Grinning, SOMEONE pulls him close. The couple sways happily in unison as their friends and loved ones celebrate around them. 
At the guys house 
SOMEONE stares blankly. 
Executive's office. 
He cups his flexed hands toward his chest. 
SOMEONE points to his head. 
Later they walk past a nightclub. 
Smile at each other. 
SOMEONE eyes SOMEONE wearily. 
Daytime. The pool sparkles outside the guesthouse. 
Now a pale chubby butt lies naked under tangled sheets. 
SOMEONE, standing and dressed, wrinkles her brow at SOMEONE's butt. She bounces the mattress with her foot. 
She bounces it harder. 
She extends her foot and touches SOMEONE's side. He jerks up and glances around. 
Stares at his bare behind. 
SOMEONE cocks her head. 
Now SOMEONE and SOMEONE step out of the guesthouse. 
SOMEONE in a well-cut suit. In front of the house they walk across the lawn as SOMEONE carries the baby toward them. 
They shake hands. 
SOMEONE faces the baby. 
Now in a dinner, SOMEONE approaches SOMEONE in a booth. 
SOMEONE shakes his head gazing off. 
SOMEONE frowns. 
SOMEONE sits back down. 
Eight weeks later. 
SOMEONE and an editor watch James on a computer monitor. 
She swallows hard. 
SOMEONE touches her throat and heaves forward. She claps a hand over her mouth. 
Raising his hands overhead. 
SOMEONE slowly sits back up. 
She wipes her mouth. 
She takes another swipe at her mouth, then freezes 
She leans back. 
They sit by the pool. 
SOMEONE gazes off. 
A web page reads, Coming Soon. 
The screen shows the guys email address. 
An email pops up. 
SOMEONE wrinkles her nose. Now in their backyard the guys smoke. 
Now SOMEONE paces as she dials the phone. Back with the guys. 
SOMEONE raises both arms. 
SOMEONE forces a smile. 
He leans back in his chair. 
Now in an exam room, a smiling doctor enters. 
SOMEONE's eyes shift. 
Puts her feet in the stir-ups and the doctor 
covers her legs with a blanket. SOMEONE glances around uncomfortably. 
The blanket. 
SOMEONE gazes at the ceiling. The doctor squeezes gel onto the end of a wand. 
Smiles indulgently as the doctor forces a smile and inserts the wand. SOMEONE shifts. An image appears on a monitor. 
She is sobbing face. 
Pats SOMEONE's back. 
Now at SOMEONE's place. 
SOMEONE leans forward. 
SOMEONE gets up. 
Now at home and wearing pajamas SOMEONE makes a phone call. 
Her eyes glisten tearfully. 
Now SOMEONE pulls into the driveway of the rental house. 
SOMEONE gestures to his chubby friend. 
His amiable smile fades as he eyes her body. 
They gaze at her through blurry eyes. 
As SOMEONE leaves the room SOMEONE sits. SOMEONE, SOMEONE and SOMEONE, all stare at the TV. 
SOMEONE follows their gaze to a clip from Wild Things. Neve Campbell kisses a topless Denise Richards in a swimming pool. SOMEONE shrugs. 
On screen, SOMEONE removes SOMEONE's shirt. 
Little hat and holds a tiny outfit. 
SOMEONE walk outside they tentatively hold hands. Now SOMEONE and SOMEONE stand in their bathroom facing opposite directions. Brushing his teeth he turns to face her. 
She dabs under her eyes with her fingertips. 
Shifts his stunned gaze. 
Now in the guesthouse SOMEONE and SOMEONE share a tender passionate kiss. He gazes into her eyes. 
SOMEONE pulls away. 
SOMEONE sits on the bed and pulls SOMEONE down beside her. 
SOMEONE gives a slow thoughtful nod. 
Face each other sharing a warm smile. They lean close and enjoy a tender kiss. Pulling away slightly. 
Takes a long sip of coffee. The toddler beams at SOMEONE. 
He lifts his brow and smiles. 
Now in the backyard, SOMEONE plays with the girls. 
Her sister forces a smile. 
Now outside the rental house, SOMEONE and SOMEONE play Ping-Pong while the others watch. 
Now under an ultrasound video words appear. Sixteen weeks. 
A wardrobe lady fits SOMEONE with a belt. 
A female executive passes by. 
SOMEONE gives a defensive shrug 
A Baby Bjorn Baby Sling box shows a couple beaming at each other. SOMEONE winces at the picture then shows it to SOMEONE. 
They join SOMEONE at a crib. He eyes the price tag. 
Now SOMEONE and SOMEONE exit the store. 
Now at Record Surplus record store. 
He grins broadly. 
Now a website shows a grinning cartoon logo. 
He remains behind and sits facing SOMEONE who thoughtfully tokes on a joint. 
Now in the guesthouse. 
SOMEONE's eyes glisten. 
SOMEONE's bed. 
In SOMEONE's car. 
Now under an ultrasound video. 
SOMEONE drains his glass and pounds the table. 
Now in his bedroom SOMEONE lies on top of SOMEONE. 
Now she lies sideways with her back. 
Later SOMEONE sits in the living room. 
A woman covers her bare breast. 
SOMEONE shakes his hand exposing... 
SOMEONE shrugs at the passing cruiser. 
Now SOMEONE and SOMEONE sit by the open cabinet among piles of stuff. She touches an overturned marijuana plant and a large branch breaks off in her hand. Dropping it, she finds a bank statement with SOMEONE's name on it. 
It reads $117.13. 
SOMEONE notices a shopping bag protruding from the cabinet. 
She finds Three baby books. SOMEONE eyes the covers one by one. 
With her mouth agape she drops the books 
into the bag, then stares off with a pensive expression. 
Beneath an ultrasound showing a fetus. 
SOMEONE answers the phone. 
As SOMEONE leaves, SOMEONE smiles at SOMEONE. 
To a large suburban house. 
Gently shuts the door. 
Comes downstairs. 
SOMEONE creeps toward the back of the house. 
With a furrowed brow, SOMEONE turns and walks out. 
She wipes a tear and heads off. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE wait by the car. 
SOMEONE squints at her then unbuckles his seat belt. 
SOMEONE's teeth clench. 
Leaves with his middle finger raised. 
SOMEONE strains to regain her composure. 
Now at Del's Saloon. 
SOMEONE shakes his head. 
The guesthouse, SOMEONE reclines and watches a program. 
Opens the front door and stares through red-rimmed eyes. 
SOMEONE faces SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE shuts the door on him. Nighttime. 
SOMEONE watches nervously. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE sit on the curb. 
Now a hotel TV. 
SOMEONE sits on a bed. 
Moves to a shorter chair. 
He curls up in a cushioned chair. 
SOMEONE jams his fist in his mouth. 
Sadie answers in a princess outfit. 
She nods to herself then cracks up. 
SOMEONE a gift. 
Now standing away from the party SOMEONE faces SOMEONE. 
She glances over her shoulder. 
SOMEONE holds a large castle cake with ice cream cone turrets. 
SOMEONE leaves. SOMEONE stares after him with a wounded gaze. Then walks out to the backyard. 
SOMEONE clenches his jaw. 
Sadie runs downstairs. 
Denise Richards grabs Neve Campbell's arm. On the couch SOMEONE shakes her head at the screen. 
She pauses thoughtfully and puts a hand on her belly. 
SOMEONE reads What to Expect When You're Expecting. 
He picks up. 
In her bedroom SOMEONE struggles to pack a suitcase without bending over. 
He enters the main house. 
He heads upstairs and strides down the hall. 
SOMEONE's bed stands empty. He steps toward the bathroom. SOMEONE lounges in the tub covered in bubbles. 
She lets her hands drift downward. 
He paces in the hall. 
SOMEONE pokes his head into the bathroom. 
Hangs up and gazes off. Now he returns to the bathroom and sits on the edge of the tub. 
SOMEONE smiles. 
SOMEONE stares. 
The tense doctor enters. 
In the waiting room SOMEONE fidgets. 
Meanwhile, SOMEONE rubs SOMEONE's back. 
Samuel strides in. 
Between her legs and another on her belly. 
In the hall, SOMEONE clutches his hand while talking. 
SOMEONE lifts her head off the pillow as Dr. SOMEONE and SOMEONE return to her beside. 
As Dr. SOMEONE leaves SOMEONE sits beside SOMEONE. 
Now SOMEONE and SOMEONE sit in.. wheelchair. 
He lowers his head to one side and taps his fingers on the armrest. 
A passing doctor shakes his head at them. 
In the hall SOMEONE faces SOMEONE. 
As SOMEONE walks away, SOMEONE stares after him. Her mouth agape. 
Now she mopes over to the waiting room and plops down beside SOMEONE. 
Watching his wife, SOMEONE smirks. 
In the delivery room. 
He returns to the others. 
Shakes his head and sits down. 
SOMEONE winks. 
SOMEONE's eye Shift between his wife and SOMEONE. 
In a wheelchair. 
On car seat, mother watches her baby. SOMEONE drives. 
He unfastens his brace. 
In apparel with a trainee. 
It shows all team of executives. 
He points to a crown on his mug. 
SOMEONE glances from his white-mustached boss to a trio of younger executives. 
The senior executive meets his gaze. 
Man shows a ring. 
Unfazed executive grins. 
SOMEONE stares. 
The beefy executive callously picks pizza out of his teeth. 
Larry’s eyes glisten in a helpless stare. 
The brown-faced executive spreads his hands. SOMEONE takes a breath 
to speak then swallows and looks away. Now traffic lines up behind SOMEONE as he drives his SUV with a stunned gaze. 
A view with the left break light shows the SUV gliding into the driveway of a modest home with a well-manicured front lawn. Nighttime. A doorway on the opposite end of the cluttered room frames SOMEONE as he sits on the edge of his bed. Later he lies awake on his stomach, with one-half of his face against a pillow. Now on his back, he presses his hands to his face. 
An open doorway shows a glimpse of SOMEONE shoveling through the house. In an adjacent room a globe lamp glows softly. Standing in a closet of mostly empty hangers, SOMEONE hangs up his red U-Mart polo shirt. He stares at it for a moment, then slides the closet door shut. 
Daytime. A series of phone calls. 
SOMEONE flips his cellphone shut and rests this chin in his hand. Now at a bathroom sink he turns on the cold-water tap and bends over to splash his face. Later, he gazes worriedly into the mirror, as he blots his skin with a towel. Now he holds a pair of slacks on an ironing board. 
Now he sits across from a banker with blond, feathered hair. 
SOMEONE's chest heaves. 
Now at home, SOMEONE hauls lawn chairs and a bag of golf clubs out to his front lawn. 
SOMEONE puffs a pipe. 
SOMEONE follows his neighbor into a garage filled with secondhand goods. 
He hands SOMEONE a booklet. 
Back in the present. 
Entrance reads East Valley Community. 
He looks at map and checks it, then. 
Now at a registration desk he looks over a course book. 
A silver haired man with a bowtie and a toothy smile approaches him. 
He points at the course book. 
He gives a suggestive wink. 
Camera bulb flashes and a student ID appears, featuring a photo of a puzzled-looking SOMEONE. Now at a gas station SOMEONE inspects the ID. 
Gas tank pocketing his wallet, he eyes the pump’s display. As his gas cost ticks up past $60 
He fills his small tank. 
SOMEONE’s total passes $70.00. 
The scooter’s total is less than four. 
The scooter’s meek. 
He wrenches the gas nozzle from his tank. 
SOMEONE approaches a scooter. 
SOMEONE smiles. 
Now SOMEONE carries over a flat screen TV. Later he straddles the scooter. 
He falters, half astride the scooter. 
Mill around outside East Valley Community College. 
She pulls into a space in the parking lot. 
Driver side door opens and a woman’s hand sets a pair of high heels on the ground. 
Shapely foot slides into each high heels. 
Owner an alluring woman with wavy auburn hair emerges. Wearing 
she trudges down a hall. 
She enters her in her cluttered office reading the document. 
She sits at her desk, 
she brushes her hair out of her face. 
Then opens a drawer and takes out a pill. 
She takes a weary breath. A full-figured raven-haired woman holding a to-go cup appears in her doorway. 
Her colleague enters an office across the hall. 
Still sitting, she sips her drink. 
The young woman grins. 
Removing her helmet, she shakes out her curly hair. 
SOMEONE eyes his belted khakis. 
Now the auburn haired professor peeks in through a window in a classroom door. 
She enters and looks around. 
She counts the meager number of students. 
She checks again. 
The students stare at her. 
SOMEONE bursts in through another door. 
The students follow his gaze to their professor, whose shoulders sag disappointedly. 
Strides to the front of the class. 
He watches from a front desk off to one side, as Professor SOMEONE sets down her back. The instructor gazes out at their expectant faces, then gives an indifferent shrug. She writes on a chalkboard in front of them. 
Breaks, she waves dismissively. 
She gives a bright firm nod. 
She eyes the students who shoot each other uneasy glances, then return their attention to their professor. 
A young man with dark curly hair raises his hand. 
With a wry look she cocks her head. 
Her eyes narrow. 
SOMEONE blinks apprehensively. 
He smiles and nods. The other students shift their uneasy gazes to Miss SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE half-smiles in SOMEONE’s direction but breaks off an urge to comment to him. 
He answers his cell. 
Miss SOMEONE's jaw drops. 
With a resolute nod she strides up to SOMEONE's desk and raps on it. 
He hangs up. As the professor leaves SOMEONE's desk, SOMEONE watches her alertly. Later, he hurries. 
Seated at the end of one. He stops. 
He sits beside her. 
SOMEONE gives a puzzled frown, SOMEONE eyes SOMEONE. Tilting her head she considers him. 
SOMEONE's brow crinkles. 
She snags his cell. 
She tosses its casing to. 
He adjusts a mic. 
He smiles. The students stare. His smile widens, 
he grins more broadly. 
He lifts his brow at the unresponsive students. 
Another classroom Miss SOMEONE writes care on a blackboard then faces two males and two females. 
She gives a disappointed nod. 
With her eyes averted, she grabs her bag off the table and strides to the back of the classroom. The students watch as the professor exits. Now in a computer 
saw an image of a woman in her underwear. 
She grabs two bottles from a liquor cabinet. Her high heels off, she dumps ice into a blender. 
Scans his office. 
He grabs a book and enters the kitchen. 
His wife indifferently sips her drink. 
She lowers the cocktail. 
She sits in an armchair. 
Guilty frown. 
He rolls his eyes. 
As he sits across from SOMEONE, she looks up from her magazine. 
She takes two long swigs. 
Closing her eyes, she leans forward. 
She holds her brow. She winces. 
SOMEONE meets his gaze. She opens her mouth to speak, then strides off. 
Escaping to a balcony, SOMEONE closes the sliding door and sits. Her husband wraps on the glass, his gaze intolerant. 
He cups his hands around his mouth. 
Now in speech class a blond student hyperactively swivels a Lacrosse stick in her two-handed grip. 
SOMEONE shyly raises a hand. 
SOMEONE squares a stack of notecards on his desk then rises from his seat. As he moves behind the lectern the dean smiles excitedly. 
SOMEONE looks at SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE rolls her eyes. 
SOMEONE watches as SOMEONE checks his phone 
and picks lint of his shirt. He blinks nervously. 
He checks his notes. 
As the dean gapes, SOMEONE narrows her eyes. 
As SOMEONE sits back down the dean grins. 
SOMEONE heads to the podium. 
SOMEONE stares disbelievingly. 
Into the mic. 
Grinning he glances around at his classmates. 
Lying on the floor with his toe and the other two back away. 
He snaps as he steps from side to side repeatedly putting his feet apart then together. 
Legs bent, he swivels his knees in and out. 
Hovers on the movie screen, asking, Scoot? 
takes the phone out again. Another 
and look to your left. Furrowing his brow 
He turns over his shoulder and sees SOMEONE. 
riding a scooter. 
Professor SOMEONE glares. 
He stands in front of SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE closes his cell and places it in the professor's hand. 
As he walks off, SOMEONE 
to SOMEONE, who winces. Later. 
SOMEONE reverts his gaze as she 
his polo. 
SOMEONE locks his menacing. 
SOMEONE faces SOMEONE. 
Hurries over. 
SOMEONE heads home. A scruffy friend studies a 
while he searches a rack of clothes. 
Her pair of shorts. 
In SOMEONE's house, the middle-aged student highlights almost every line on a textbook's pages. Seated at his kitchen island he looks to the front door and doffs his glasses. 
SOMEONE enters with a blonde friend. 
SOMEONE gets up. 
Later Sal cuts SOMEONE's hair in the bathroom. 
His friends redecorate. 
SOMEONE shrugs. Later SOMEONE drapes a silk scarf over a lamp. In the now smartly arranged living room, 
SOMEONE and a friend read. 
Sal introduces SOMEONE. He sports a hip close-cropped haircut. 
SOMEONE eyes the made over room. 
SOMEONE complies. 
SOMEONE gives him a kiss. 
She follows the others out. 
He peeks through his window blinds, then turns. SOMEONE faces him. 
SOMEONE nods. 
SOMEONE makes eye contact. 
Nodding, SOMEONE swallows. 
They stack their left hands on top. 
SOMEONE's look goes from smiley to severe in a split second. He leaves. SOMEONE smoothes his new do, rubbing the sides forward and padding down the back. He views his handsome living room. 
Lamar bites down on his pipe. 
SOMEONE sees SOMEONE watching. 
She raises her window. Later in class. 
SOMEONE doffs his glasses and beams. He sees the female Lacrosse player watching his googly eyed response. 
SOMEONE eyes his professor. 
He winks at her. SOMEONE eyes him flatly, then looks to her right. 
Talk about dance steps sleeps. 
An eraser hits him and he jolts awake. 
She regards SOMEONE. 
His smile wilts and he nervously glances aside. SOMEONE looks to the center. 
SOMEONE points. 
SOMEONE frowns studiously. 
At Talia's photo, teacher's pet. 
I read the course pad. 
The professor's hand reaches out. SOMEONE flips his cellphone shut and hands it over. Standing over him, SOMEONE angrily shakes the phone. Now at a storage facility. 
SOMEONE bends over, his cotton-clad rear inadvertently mooning SOMEONE. 
Takes off his shades and glares at SOMEONE. She shrugs then drapes. 
SOMEONE waggles his bottoms into the pants. 
Puts his shades back on. 
Now SOMEONE's scooter sits parked outside of SOMEONE's Restaurant. Inside, he pours coffee for group of older men. 
men playing cards. He sets down the pot and sits by SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE eyes him. 
He doffs his glasses. 
Carlos resumes. 
Raul nods grimly. 
Now SOMEONE cracks an egg. 
SOMEONE shakes SOMEONE's hand. Now in class. 
The students look over their shoulders. SOMEONE wears vampire fangs. 
SOMEONE hangs his head, SOMEONE wipes her brow. 
His chest. Now our view follow SOMEONE as he weaves through traffic o0n his blue scooter. 
SOMEONE smiles. 
SOMEONE hands over his cell. Later he talks with to the professor outside. 
SOMEONE eyes SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE watch her go. SOMEONE low 
parked outside donut prince.  
SOMEONE sits in the car with a pen and a slip of paper. Rain trickles down. 
The square of paper aside and grabs another. 
An SUV parks in front of her car. 
SOMEONE drinks from her travel cup. 
Peering ahead, she notices something and sets the cup back down. She gawks as SOMEONE and SOMEONE leave the SUV for the donut shop. 
Windshield wipers swish before her view of the duo closing their umbrellas and entering. 
She feeds SOMEONE a bite. 
They return to SOMEONE's SUV. 
Later, SOMEONE enters the classroom wearing a tasseled scarf. 
SOMEONE enters. 
SOMEONE enters. 
As SOMEONE enters, SOMEONE adjusts the podium. 
She puts down a box then crosses to her desk at the back of the room. SOMEONE draws a paper slip from the box. 
SOMEONE heads for the podium. SOMEONE seated at the desk and checks her watch. 
SOMEONE looks up at a clock, which reads two minutes to eight. He scans his fellow students. 
He fidgets with the paper slip. 
SOMEONE glares. 
She gives him a trendy dark rimmed pair. 
She wraps her arms around his neck and kisses him on the cheek. 
SOMEONE takes a seat opposite them. SOMEONE regards him uneasily. 
SOMEONE glares. 
Later, SOMEONE rides glumly as her husband drives. A dessert box sits on the dashboard. 
SOMEONE rolls her eyes at him. 
SOMEONE stares ahead, her jaw hanging open. 
She picks up a fistful of pebbles from a tree planter, hurls them after the departing car, then staggers off. Now she sits cross-legged on a bus stop bench in front of a row of dark 
with the flow of traffic the street 
SOMEONE sneers at her. 
She puts on her high heeled pumps. 
She stands. SOMEONE frowns. 
She looks at him with a withering gaze. 
He Drags his lips in an affable 
Now riding behind him. 
To the landing outside her apartment. Turning she finds SOMEONE behind her. 
She looks around. 
SOMEONE searches a potted plant. 
She examines her door locks. 
In between SOMEONE and the door SOMEONE unlocks it. 
SOMEONE returns the key tin to its pot, then keeps his back to SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE's brow furrows as he listens. 
He rolls his eyes. 
SOMEONE turns to SOMEONE. 
Facing her, SOMEONE takes in her drunken grin. 
She shows her ring. 
She smiles through half closed eyes. 
SOMEONE frowns. 
SOMEONE gives him a playful grin and SOMEONE stares at her with concerned eyes. She sways slightly, her hands joint beneath her chin and her gaze softens. As she grabs him, SOMEONE wraps his arms around her waist. They kiss. 
Her off her feet and she slaps. 
He digs in the plants pot, finds the key. 
Pressing her hands to the door the teacher peers through a peep hole and sees SOMEONE as he joyfully move around. 
passenger door arrives at SOMEONE's apartment building. 
SOMEONE's husband climbs out. 
He raps against the trunk, the cab pulls away. 
Cheesecake drips from the takeout box in his hand. 
He lumbers on to the sidewalk and approaches the apartment building. 
On the landing, he finds the contents of his home office. Multiple copies of the same book sit in stacks around his computer, which displays a porn site. 
Box and it splatters against the door. 
In class SOMEONE wears sunglasses. 
Grabbing a skateboard, SOMEONE smirks at SOMEONE. 
The middle-aged student gathers his things and makes his way towards SOMEONE's table at the back of the room. She sits stiffly, her large dark sunglasses masking most of her expression. 
SOMEONE offers a tender smile. 
SOMEONE's hopeful smile fades. 
SOMEONE's brow knits in a wounded look. 
She gazes off. 
She gives a brisk headshake then returns her attention to SOMEONE. 
With his lips pressed in a solemn line SOMEONE gives a respectful nod. SOMEONE's chin twitches as she firmly returns the gesture. 
As he turns away, SOMEONE's shoulders sag. 
Chain swings from SOMEONE's pocket as he pulls his bag over his shoulder. Sitting motionless, the teacher gazes after him, then bows her head as he exits. Now at home, SOMEONE packs papers into a large accordion file. He places a checkmark on the last line of a list. Picking up a key, he eyes a handwritten tag tied to it with string, then throws it in the file. 
He rides his scooter down a street. 
He gives her the accordion files. 
With a triumphant smirk he turns on his heel and strides out of the bank. Now at the yard sale, he smokes a pipe with Lamar. 
SOMEONE gives him a thoughtful look. 
A mother and daughter arrive with a measuring tape. 
While lying in bed, SOMEONE wipes a tear from the corner of her eye. 
Still in her pajamas, she opens a windows blinds. As she peers outside, falling 
rain reflects against the glass. Lingering by the window 
from a mug. Now in class she walks among her students with a box of folded slips of paper. Each student draws one. 
SOMEONE draws a topic and reads it. 
SOMEONE draws his. 
SOMEONE the Lacrosse player reads her topic. 
SOMEONE strolls up to the podium and sets the cardboard box on top. Her students gather there. 
Picking up a notebook, she heads to the back of the classroom. 
SOMEONE removes his reading glasses, then gazes after her. 
He follows the other students out. Now SOMEONE walks down the hall to her office. 
SOMEONE gapes. 
SOMEONE looks over. 
With her gaze fixed on SOMEONE's SOMEONE twitches a faint, crooked smile. 
SOMEONE enters her office. 
Now in Economics. 
SOMEONE turns to SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE stands his class. 
He regards his sober students with wide eyes. SOMEONE taps his pen. 
SOMEONE's smile fades. 
She shows her lower back. 
SOMEONE touches it. Watching them, SOMEONE knocks on the window. 
He throws up his hand and turns away. 
He gets on his scooter. 
Now in the kitchen at SOMEONE's, SOMEONE transfers a grilled sandwich on to a plate, garnishes the meal and sets the order on a pickup or a paperback.  
He highlights a passage near the end. Now a view through 
booth consulting notes and typing on a laptop. 
Scooter through his neighborhood. 
He passes the neighbor walking a dog, then 
His scooter's headlights briefly illuminates red-striped diagonally across the sign. 
The aging man removes his helmet. 
It's warmly lit window show a family milling about inside. SOMEONE stands and 
He sweeps his gaze over the surrounding neighborhood. 
The idyllic tranquil moment, then turns away and grimly heads inside. 
He looks at the now empty house, then exits, shutting the door beside him. Outside Lamar sits on SOMEONE's sofa, which rests on the front lawn among his other belongings. SOMEONE brings SOMEONE his box. 
SOMEONE works on a car. 
An approaching BMW sports a pizza joint sign on its. 
The beefy U Mart exec. 
SOMEONE stares. 
SOMEONE hands SOMEONE a twenty. 
SOMEONE averts his gaze. 
He reaches into his pocket. 
Lamar gives him three lottery tickets. 
Two kids ride past them. 
SOMEONE disappear as SOMEONE follow. 
Delivery boy hands her a pizza box. 
SOMEONE smirks. 
In a pizza box. 
Driver side door opens SOMEONE places her heels on the ground 
She slides her feet into them. Now SOMEONE strolls the campus. 
He scoops the litter up. He drops the can in a recycle bin and throws out the paper. 
Joins SOMEONE on the walkway. 
Outside the classroom. 
He reaches for the door. 
It opens. She mouths. 
SOMEONE grips off his palm. 
SOMEONE regards SOMEONE intently. 
SOMEONE beams. 
He meets SOMEONE's gaze, she grins broadly in reply. 
Later in economics, Professor SOMEONE watches his students from his desk. He caps a thermos then sets it near a collection of cellphones and sips from the thermos cup. Sitting at the long tables, the econ students diligently work on their exams. SOMEONE stands. He collects his bag and papers and makes his way to the professor's desk. 
He returns SOMEONE's smart phone. 
As SOMEONE heads out of the lecture hall the professor lifts his thermos. 
Taking a sip, she stares to SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE comma SOMEONE, a cursor blinks beside an A. 
SOMEONE considers, then adds a plus. 
She briefly touches her flushed cheeks. 
SOMEONE enters following her raven haired 
SOMEONE notices her. SOMEONE glances at him with a smile. 
Who shares a booth with SOMEONE spots SOMEONE too. 
SOMEONE approaches SOMEONE's booth. 
SOMEONE smiles at her. 
She smiles sincerely. 
As SOMEONE heads away, SOMEONE turns back to her friend. 
SOMEONE glances out the window. 
He sits among the greatly diminished headcount. 
Bored elsewhere, SOMEONE finishes writing the word care next to her course title. English 40, Shakespeare the Politician. She faces a handful of students. 
Door in the back opens. 
She smiles as SOMEONE, SOMEONE, SOMEONE, and the Lacrosse player hurry in. 
SOMEONE subdues a delighted smile. 
SOMEONE slaps his forehead. SOMEONE glances at his friends then slumps in his seat, as SOMEONE distributes a handout. 
Later the auburn haired professor walks down the narrow corridor toward her office. 
Horton number seven. A doodled black crown marks the bottom as his signature. Closing her eyes, SOMEONE gives a wide 
She slips the note off the bin. 
Displays an arrow moving along the map as she drives. 
SOMEONE gives SOMEONE a bemused frown. 
Muffled click. 
In the ward, a male nurse tends to a burly patient on his side. 
SOMEONE's gloved hand twist the tube. 
SOMEONE frowns. 
Where SOMEONE and SOMEONE sanitize their hands. 
They bump fists. 
Now at the SOMEONE' two-story colonial, a red family crest hangs in SOMEONE's basement layer. It reads, Certavi et Vici Byrnes. A framed photo shows SOMEONE with a Bedouin, dressed as a Bedouin. In another, he shoulder-to-shoulder with President SOMEONE W. Bush. Sepia-toned photo shows dates, men, and officers resembling SOMEONE. A shelf holds books on genealogy. On a bulletin board, headshots form a smartly right-angled family tree. SOMEONE frowns at photos of Deborah Banks and Dr. Robert Banks. 
He takes down Robert's photo. Now in their bedroom, SOMEONE packs a suitcase. 
Holds his chest but quickly smiles. 
Now as SOMEONE drives, his cell reads incoming call. Mom Focker.  
On a studio. The Bohemian mother talks on the phone. 
SOMEONE tosses earpiece aside. In his layer, SOMEONE honkers at his desk. 
Using an X-ACTO knife, he neatly cuts a wedding picture of Dr. SOMEONE and SOMEONE down the middle. He folds Dr. SOMEONE's half, tears it in two, and shoves it in a wastebasket. Eyeing SOMEONE's photo, the ex-CIA agent rubs his chest. 
He places two fingers alongside his carotid. 
As his Siamese cat eyes him from a footstool, SOMEONE dials his cellphone. 
SOMEONE turns on his polygraph machine then tears open his button down. 
The cat observes. 
SOMEONE Skypes them from a yacht. 
Bikini clog beauty approaches SOMEONE. 
Nuzzling and kissing him. 
SOMEONE watches SOMEONE give the departing hottie a playful smack on the rear. 
SOMEONE's lasagna. 
SOMEONE glances at his family. 
He enters a bedroom. 
SOMEONE swivels in his chair. 
SOMEONE lifts his brow. 
He points to a photo of SOMEONE on the family tree. 
SOMEONE shifts his thoughtful gaze. 
We view him through window blinds. 
He stares unflinchingly. 
Gazing out the window, SOMEONE lowers his phone. With a strange smile, he strolls back into the kitchen where SOMEONE looks over. 
He lifts her brow. 
SOMEONE eyes his daughter. 
Chewing her food, she turns away. SOMEONE shifts his gaze to his son, SOMEONE. 
He looks up. 
With a calm look, SOMEONE sits beside SOMEONE, his hands folded. 
SOMEONE holds up quieting fingers. 
SOMEONE closes her mouth. 
He eyes him firmly. 
SOMEONE takes a small bite. 
As SOMEONE gives a satisfied look, SOMEONE vomits. 
Daytime, puffy clouds. 
Its window, he opens it then jogs across the street to the SOMEONE' car. 
With one hand on SOMEONE's waist and the other on his neck, SOMEONE kisses both of the older man's cheeks. 
He slaps his hands to SOMEONE's face and kisses him again. 
Later at the dinner table. 
SOMEONE picks up his glass. 
He winks at SOMEONE then leaves. 
He takes it out. 
SOMEONE's smile disappears. 
As he carves, SOMEONE peeks over the table. 
SOMEONE winces as SOMEONE mangles the bird. 
SOMEONE takes his hand. SOMEONE places his other one over it. 
SOMEONE gazes at her. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE turn to SOMEONE. 
He squeezes the back of SOMEONE's neck and the boy goes limp, his eyes closed. 
He sets him on the couch. 
SOMEONE sets a hand on SOMEONE's other shoulder. 
They both pat his face. 
Morning, SOMEONE feels SOMEONE's flushed brow as she lies in bed. 
He and SOMEONE drive into the city. 
SOMEONE rumples his lips into a frown. 
SOMEONE's face hardens. 
Now, a handful of children play in the courtyard of a glass-paneled building. Inside an auditorium, a blonde woman grins at the audience as she strolls on stage. 
A slide show starts. 
A photo shows surgeons. 
Children sketch a shirtless model. 
In the courtyard, young children in cheerleading uniforms do backflip. 
They give confused looks. 
Their smiles fade. 
Later, they pull up to the new house where some construction workers take a break in the yard. A dump truck of sand sits in the driveway. 
An orange sports car zooms past 
Then swings into a U-turn and parks behind SOMEONE's car. SOMEONE climbs out. 
He hops at the bottom of the drive. 
He hits door, sand cascades onto SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE race over. 
He supports SOMEONE's head. 
SOMEONE glares. 
Later, SOMEONE swabs his ears. 
SOMEONE touches his cheek. 
SOMEONE returns to the phone. 
SOMEONE listens from under the bed. 
Later, SOMEONE sits with her as she pretends to shoot green toy soldiers with tan ones. 
SOMEONE nods. 
SOMEONE's eyes shift. 
Later, SOMEONE arrives at home. 
Sees SOMEONE stow a bag in a closet. 
As SOMEONE hurries down the hall, SOMEONE glares after him. On a table, SOMEONE's phone vibrates. Turning to it, SOMEONE reads a text from SOMEONE, Can't wait to see you at the hotel tonight. Later SOMEONE walks outside, his briefcase clutched in one hand. SOMEONE sneaks after him, disguised in a windbreaker and bucket hat. As SOMEONE glances back, his father-in-law steps into some shadows. 
SOMEONE peers back around the corner. 
Frowning, SOMEONE sticks his head outside and glances up and down the platform. 
Door to SOMEONE's train car, SOMEONE steps inside. 
SOMEONE appears behind him. 
Turns around. 
He stares at SOMEONE, who gives a halfhearted smile. 
They enter a convention room. 
Narrowing his eyes, SOMEONE shifts them mischievously. 
At the apartment, SOMEONE turns on a light in the coat closet. He crouches then inspects SOMEONE's hidden bag. With a furrowed brow, he finds pamphlets for Sustengo then removes a sample box. 
As he reads it, SOMEONE creeps up behind him wearing a trench coat over a negligee. 
She kisses his cheek. 
She unzips his jacket and he frowns. 
She kisses her finger then blows him the kiss. As she leaves, SOMEONE eyes the sample box of Sustengo. Now at a bar, three doctors approach SOMEONE. 
He strolls over. 
He wanders over to the bar. 
SOMEONE lifts his gaze to SOMEONE's face. 
SOMEONE gives a nod and SOMEONE looks away. Later, SOMEONE opens the apartment door and steps into the dark living room. 
As he slides off his coat, a lamp shines its light on him. SOMEONE sits in an armchair beside it. 
SOMEONE shields his eyes. 
SOMEONE holds up the box of Sustengo. 
SOMEONE brightens the light. 
SOMEONE hangs up his coat. 
As SOMEONE rises, SOMEONE stops and turns to him. He points to SOMEONE's crotch. 
SOMEONE steps closer. 
In the bathroom, SOMEONE pulls on Latex gloves then opens the needle and syringe. 
He gestures at the bulge in SOMEONE's pants. 
His shoulders heave as he reaches toward SOMEONE. 
As he readies the needle, two slippered feet walk down the hall. 
SOMEONE heads to the bathroom. He holds the knob. 
He congests himself as he walks down the hall toward SOMEONE and SOMEONE. 
He gives two thumbs up then heads away. SOMEONE looks at her mother and winces. 
Now, SOMEONE tucks SOMEONE in. 
SOMEONE lets SOMEONE shut the door then enters anyway. 
SOMEONE stands by. 
SOMEONE glowers. 
Later in the hallway, SOMEONE gently shuts SOMEONE's door. 
Without breaking eye contact, the two men circle. SOMEONE gives a mock scowl. He and SOMEONE back away from each other. 
SOMEONE tauntingly shrugs his hands apart. SOMEONE does the same. SOMEONE repeats the gesture. Then they go their separate ways. 
Daytime, SOMEONE peers out the cracked open door of the guest bedroom while on his cell. 
He glances back. 
Later at a computer, SOMEONE types A-N-D-I-G-A-R-C-I-A into the Google search field and gets back image results and links for the handsome dark-haired actor. He adds the keyword, Chicago and finds a link to a Myspace profile. Leaning in, SOMEONE opens the zebra print page then scrolls down to find the photo of SOMEONE kissing SOMEONE on the cheek. The retired CIA man reads the caption, "Crazy night at the Hilton." He minimizes the page as SOMEONE enters. 
SOMEONE joins the rest of the family. SOMEONE checks his watch. 
SOMEONE gives them a kiss. 
The vehicles park and they step out. 
SOMEONE lifts his shirt to reveal his lower back. The other study a large tattoo of SOMEONE's smiling face above the banner, forever. 
It's only half of SOMEONE's face. 
Later in SOMEONE's office. 
They swap an icy look. 
Now, SOMEONE sits in an easel. 
The family watches behind a mirrored window. 
She shows SOMEONE a phony eye chart. 
SOMEONE starts the timer. 
Back at the easel. 
SOMEONE recoils. 
A stick figure holds a syringe to another's penis. 
SOMEONE frowns. 
SOMEONE smiles proudly toward the mirrored window. SOMEONE gapes. 
On the playground. They spot a surveillance camera. The boy glares at his dad. 
SOMEONE beams. 
Now, SOMEONE approaches the nurses' station. 
SOMEONE pulls him aside. 
Back in the hall. SOMEONE emerges. 
SOMEONE eyes SOMEONE, who holds an arm around SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE presses the elevator button. 
He park at the new house's driveway. 
She leaves and SOMEONE stares ahead. 
Now in the new house, SOMEONE stands alone in the middle of an unfinished room. SOMEONE turns away from a three-foot hole in the wall and crosses to the front door, where he finds SOMEONE with a bottle of wine. 
Meanwhile, SOMEONE's car arrives out front. 
The retired CIA agent gets out and marches gravely toward the house. 
Glancing aside, he pauses and stares. His flashlight beam hits the license plate of SOMEONE's convertible. It reads, "RX GRRRL." 
Killing his light, SOMEONE creeps around toward the side of the house. 
As SOMEONE moves through the shadows outside, SOMEONE takes off her blouse. 
SOMEONE pounces on him. Outside, SOMEONE pauses and turns. Finding a bay window, he steps close and peeks in. He sees SOMEONE in her bra and skirt. 
Her arms and legs wrapped around SOMEONE as she smothers him with kisses. His hands clenching her waist. He spins around the room erratically. SOMEONE looks away. His gaze heartbroken. He backs away from the window. He licks his lips, presses them tight, and leaves. Inside, lands - they knock heads - cut to black. 
His legs clad in white pants. 
In the pit, SOMEONE snores under SOMEONE. His eyes blink open and he gets his bearings. As SOMEONE arrives out back, SOMEONE's hand slaps down on the pit's rim. 
Straining with effort, he pulls himself up. 
SOMEONE stares and points at her. 
At the birthday party. 
SOMEONE nods. 
SOMEONE frowns. 
SOMEONE leaves his car with the valet. A monk greets him. 
Approach chauffeured carts. Passing a valet stand, SOMEONE pauses to dance. 
He's off in a cart. SOMEONE stretches his quadriceps. 
Clinging by his legs, he opens his arms. 
SOMEONE turns and sees SOMEONE approaching. 
SOMEONE grins. 
SOMEONE opens a shoebox. 
Kissing as the twins hug them. 
He starts to cry. His tears landing on the stage below. 
He gets dizzily to his feet. 
As he hobbles off, a boy offers him his cotton candy. SOMEONE takes it and goes to a tent. 
Roz peeks inside and finds him sitting pensively. 
Now, SOMEONE approaches SOMEONE, who sits. 
SOMEONE lifts his chin. 
SOMEONE eyes the drawing. 
SOMEONE scowls, holding a balloon. 
With a smile, he holds out a plate of cake. SOMEONE punches him in the nose. 
He punches him again. 
SOMEONE blocks a strike then hits SOMEONE in the face. 
SOMEONE slides off his jacket. 
Pump his fists. 
He punches him then beckons. 
Removes his sweatshirt. 
SOMEONE raises his fists and the two men face off. As SOMEONE throws a punch, SOMEONE blocks him. 
To push him away. The older man flings him into a giant ball pit. SOMEONE disappears below the balls. 
He glances around but sees only the playing 
Behind him move then stop as he whip 
They shift in another part of the pit. 
SOMEONE notices and stares with intense eyes. 
Other balls shift and SOMEONE turns to them. 
Behind him, SOMEONE burst through the surface. 
Punches him. He grabs his son-in-law. 
Pulled over, SOMEONE kicks his leg back and hits again to a bouncy castle.  
Meanwhile, SOMEONE looks in the shoebox. 
In the grass, SOMEONE faces Jinx, who stares at him. The cat licks its lips then advances. 
He sniffs the lizard. Now, SOMEONE throws himself  
Dangling for Jinx's mouth. 
As SOMEONE races past him after the cat, SOMEONE stops. His chest heaving. 
He stretches his shoulders back. 
Meanwhile, SOMEONE kisses her. 
SOMEONE lowers his arms. 
Outside, SOMEONE races after Jinx. He stops. SOMEONE lies on the ground clutching his chest. She sprints over. 
His cat approaching. 
Pushing the cat's stomach like the Heimlich maneuver, he forces the lizard out. 
SOMEONE grabs SOMEONE and SOMEONE returns his gaze to SOMEONE. 
He rubs SOMEONE's shoulder. 
Later, Medics wheel SOMEONE to an ambulance. 
He gives SOMEONE a look. 
SOMEONE winks. 
In the ambulance. 
Again looks at SOMEONE. SOMEONE replaces the mask. 
He smiles as he holds SOMEONE's gaze. 
He pats SOMEONE's cheek. His smile growing wider. 
SOMEONE gives him a tender look. 
SOMEONE winks at him. 
They lift the stretcher into their ridge. 
Now, snowfalls onto a group of SOMEONEers. Words appear, "Four Months Later." 
SOMEONE frowns. 
He lifts his leg. 
Now in his basement lair, SOMEONE types on a computer. 
As Jinx looks on, SOMEONE types his name into a Google search window. He trails his cursor over the search results then selects a YouTube video. It's title, Nurse Rags on Psycho Father-in-Law. The image loads up showing SOMEONE speaking at the medical convention. SOMEONE scowls. The video plays. 
SOMEONE drives through dark streets and pulls into a car park. 
Morning Glory. 
SOMEONE hurries into a building. She walks down a corridor. 
She talks manically in a meeting. 
The meeting room is behind a studio. 
A guy in the meeting has fallen asleep in front of his computer. 
SOMEONE chuckles with one of her colleagues. A female presenter, SOMEONE, yawns and sits at a desk in the studio. A male presenter, Ralph Pollard, sits next to her and a make-up artist brushes him with powder. 
SOMEONE has headphones around her neck. She listens to one of them. 
Staff listen to headphones and watch screens. 
In the studio, SOMEONE has fallen asleep. 
SOMEONE holds a headphone to her ear. 
SOMEONE wakes. 
A floor manager threw Post-It notes at her to wake her. 
In the staff kitchen, SOMEONE gulps. In an office, 
her friend that told her the news, SOMEONE leaves. 
The female presenter, SOMEONE, is onscreen. 
A guy in the gallery directs. 
The studio, now empty, SOMEONE stands in it with a pile of papers in one hand and two mugs in the other. 
She smiles and turns to leave. 
SOMEONE takes a t-shirt from a gift bag. 
It's a red t-shirt with the words, Yes, I accept in white. SOMEONE puts it on under a denim jacket. 
In her boss's office, 
tears well in her eyes. 
SOMEONE hugs SOMEONE. Her and other ex-colleagues are wearing Way to go, SOMEONE t-shirts. At her mum's. 
SOMEONE lowers her gaze. She nods miserably. 
SOMEONE's sitting in bed. 
Her alarm goes off at 1:30. 
She hugs her knees, then folds her arms across her. 
She fidgets and stares into space. 
She switches on the TV. 
She switches on another TV. On the phone. 
In a diner. 
In the park. 
Now dressed in a suit, SOMEONE runs off a bus towards a ferry. 
On the other side of the river lies New York City. 
She walks through the smart IBS high rise with a tall, lean guy, 
SOMEONE SOMEONE 
She balls her fists. 
He eyes her wryly. She balls her fists tighter. 
SOMEONE looks down, 
then smiles sadly. 
She gets up. 
She opens the door and leaves. 
Wearing a mournful expression, she trudges down a hallway and into a lift. 
A fair-haired guy of about 30 walks in behind her, glances at her, 
then turns to the lift buttons and push it. 
He presses the button. 
As the lift doors are closing, a man jams his arms in the doors and pushes them open. 
SOMEONE watches the guy get into the lift. 
He's in his 60s and wears black-rimmed specs. 
SOMEONE gawps at him. 
She puts her hand on her heart. 
The two guys get out. 
SOMEONE jams her arm in the doors to stop them from closing. 
She strolls along the street outside, her shoulders hunched. 
She throws a bit of paper into a bin. 
She takes a call on her mobile. 
She hangs up the phone. 
She jumps in the air. Pigeons fly off. 
Sped-up footage. She packs up her apartment until it's completely empty. 
She carries the last things into the removal truck and closes the door. 
She jogs out of a subway in New York. 
She runs across a busy road towards IBS. 
The skyscraper is white with large, dark windows. 
Inside, SOMEONE waits on a bench in the wood-paneled reception area. There's a smart, gold desk. 
The attendant is watching a small TV. 
He smirks. 
Then he takes SOMEONE's mug and goes. SOMEONE straightens up her fridge and knocks on a door. 
The door handle comes off. 
They smile. 
SOMEONE smiles uncertainly. 
She raises her brows. 
SOMEONE glances around at everyone talking at once. 
SOMEONE licks her lips and turns to SOMEONE with interest. SOMEONE grins. SOMEONE frowns and pauses. She looks up. 
SOMEONE heads off. 
He steps back into the room. 
She hits the table. SOMEONE loses his smirk and stares sourly at her. She holds his gaze. 
A member of staff takes a photo on his phone. 
SOMEONE leaves. The others gape at her. 
SOMEONE giggles. 
SOMEONE walks off. 
SOMEONE hurries along the street. She dials on her mobile, then holds it to her ear. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE watch a horse-faced news anchor on TV. 
She glances at him. 
SOMEONE's heading out. 
She has a box of tapes. 
SOMEONE rolls his eyes sardonically as he turns to camera. 
A woman is waiting for SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE stares at her. 
SOMEONE sits at a bench outside. She's eating a salad and going through the contract with a marker pen. 
Her brow is furrowed with intense concentration. 
She lifts the contract and highlights a line. 
She strides across long grass. 
A man stands on the crest of the hill she's climbing with a shotgun in his hands. 
She stops just short of him, 
throws her arms out. 
He turns to her. 
SOMEONE shoots two pheasants flying above the trees. SOMEONE claps her hands over her ears 
then follows SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE beams. Frowning, SOMEONE stares, lines showing on his forehead. 
SOMEONE smiles. 
He walks off. 
they stare. 
SOMEONE steps slowly across the studio. 
SOMEONE stands at the other side of it, his hand in his pockets, gazing down at the floor. 
SOMEONE raises his brows. 
She nods. 
She smiles and turns back to the rest of the studio. 
They change the name on SOMEONE's dressing room and paint over the huge poster of him. 
They walk through the office. 
A fruit plate 
He hands her an orchid. 
He picks up a newspaper and sits down. 
SOMEONE takes the orchid to SOMEONE's dressing room and knocks. 
SOMEONE sets down the flower. 
SOMEONE tosses a card aside. 
SOMEONE goes from one dressing room to the other. 
SOMEONE marches from one end of the corridor to the other, then finds the central point. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE meet 
in the middle. 
SOMEONE stares at her blankly. 
SOMEONE goes into his room and slams the door. 
SOMEONE marches off. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE on a photo shoot. 
SOMEONE hands his specs to an assistant. 
They smile and pose. SOMEONE links her arm through his. 
She takes off her jacket. 
They stand close. 
SOMEONE walks through the office. 
She stares at him. 
SOMEONE tries to suppress giggles. 
Everyone turns to look at SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE smiles. 
SOMEONE smiles anxiously. 
SOMEONE plays with her fringe nervously. SOMEONE chucks an apple core past her into a bin. 
SOMEONE saunters off casually. 
SOMEONE runs up steps. 
He glares. 
He screams silently. She heads a meeting outside. 
It's SOMEONE. He points at SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE grins and waves, 
then heads off. 
SOMEONE covers her face. 
SOMEONE drinks a glass of beer at a bar and chats to a friend. 
SOMEONE enters the bar. 
She poses and looks over at SOMEONE who turns. 
and notices her. 
She waves 
and accidentally throws her phone up in the air. 
In a booth 
a tall, slender blonde kisses him. 
SOMEONE sinks back into his seat and the woman leaves. 
SOMEONE frowns with confusion as SOMEONE hurries off. 
He comes out of the bar 
and presses herself against the wall in shame. 
At the studio 
he gets up and walks off. 
SOMEONE watches TV in his dressing room. 
SOMEONE has a notebook. 
He's drinking whisky. 
He stands up. 
On TV. 
SOMEONE backs out of SOMEONE's dressing room. 
In the toilet, she bangs her head against the dryer. 
She stops and turns to regard herself in the mirror. 
She tidies up her fringe. 
She makes her way through a large, open-plan office. The sign reads, IBS News. 
She sidles along, peering into a private office. 
In the office, SOMEONE sits at a desk. 
She pulls the door closed. 
She's sitting on a sofa. She bangs her head on a lamp above her. 
She puts down two heavy bags. 
She mimes rowing. 
Her goofy smile fades. 
In a large, plush apartment, SOMEONE and SOMEONE make out. He leans her over a worktop. 
She checks her watch. 
SOMEONE's taken her skirt off. They roll over the back of the couch onto it. Suddenly, SOMEONE pulls back. 
SOMEONE eyes her dubiously. She looks at him sharply. 
She grabs her bags and runs out without her skirt on. 
She grabs her bags and runs out without her skirt on. without her skirt on. 
SOMEONE picks up her skirt 
and waits for her to run back. 
She kisses him and leaves. 
SOMEONE asks a tubby, middle-aged woman sitting at the bar in her lines. 
She comes out onto the dark streets where several musicians are basking. 
Next she visits the Algonquin. 
As she runs out, a model is being photographed at the entrance. 
She runs out of another cocktail lounge, then another bar just as two guys are thrown out into the street. 
She pulls open the doors of the 21 Club in Manhattan. 
She walks into the wood-paneled bar and spots SOMEONE. 
She takes a deep breath and heads towards him with a look of grim determination. 
She raises her brows. 
She shoves him into a taxi. 
The taxi drives off without her. It pulls up outside an apartment building. 
They walk slowly into SOMEONE's dark apartment. 
SOMEONE walks through different rooms in the huge apartment. 
SOMEONE walks through a dark room towards another lamp lit room. 
He eats a nut. 
He wanders off through the dark apartment as she sets up her laptop. 
He stops and turns back to wish her goodnight. 
SOMEONE sits on the sofa in front of her laptop. 
Later she dozes in front of it. 
She nods off, but awakens as her head drops. 
She sits upright again. 
She nods off again. 
She opens her eyes and blinks. Her vision is blurred. 
She falls asleep once more. 
She collapses over onto the sofa. 
SOMEONE stands over her with a rain stick which makes the sound reminiscent of rain. 
SOMEONE wakes with a start. 
SOMEONE's wearing a cream dressing gown. 
He plods off. 
SOMEONE buries her head in a cushion then sits upright. 
She races into the kitchen. 
He's whisking eggs. 
They head into the Daybreak offices. 
The cast and crew all gawp at her. 
SOMEONE grins sheepishly. 
The crew sits in the gallery with their headphones on. 
SOMEONE grins irritated. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE in the studio. 
SOMEONE shrugs on air. 
The caption, Sexual Offender, remained under the photo of SOMEONE SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE stares into the distance wearily. 
SOMEONE watches Daybreak in his office. The attendant at the reception desk has it on his small TV. 
They both gaze into the camera. 
SOMEONE's smile vanishes. 
SOMEONE gets up and heads off. 
He's getting his shoes shined. 
SOMEONE storms off, throwing her arms out. 
Dusk falls over New York. 
SOMEONE opens his front door. 
She grabs him and kisses him hard. 
She wraps her arms around his neck and they make out. 
She reaches into her pocket for her phone. 
He grabs it. 
He won't let her. 
He puts it in the fridge. 
He carries her into his bedroom. 
SOMEONE wakes. SOMEONE isn't there. 
He sits up and eyes the empty space in his bed. 
He goes into the living room where SOMEONE is watching the news and typing on her laptop. 
He smiles. 
She shifts and looks at him uncertainly. 
SOMEONE smiles gleefully. She picks up her laptop and jogs off. 
She stops 
and goes back to SOMEONE. 
She kisses him tenderly on the lips and heads off. 
It's dark with the first wisps of pink morning light as SOMEONE strides over a bridge. 
The moon still shines in the sky. 
SOMEONE sits in the Daybreak office and smiles to herself, 
fiddling with a strand of hair. 
SOMEONE glances up at her as she gazes ahead, 
a wistful smile on her face. 
He grins to himself. 
She shrugs at him and he mocks her gesture. 
She slams her hands on the table. 
SOMEONE's on the phone. 
They walk along the street. 
She took a photo. 
SOMEONE scowls, then turns away. 
On air, 
SOMEONE points upwards. 
A guy delivers a note to SOMEONE. She glances disapprovingly at SOMEONE, then reads the note, raises her hand, and points upwards. 
She gets up, taking a flask with her. In SOMEONE's office. 
She cocks her head. 
SOMEONE frowns. 
Horrified, SOMEONE sits down. 
SOMEONE takes off his glasses and throws them down. SOMEONE gazes down miserably. 
Her shoulders sag. 
He makes a call. 
SOMEONE sits alone on a sofa, going through papers. 
On the verge of tears, she rubs her nose. 
She puts her hand over her eyes. 
Onset, a stage manager reads out words to SOMEONE and SOMEONE. 
She seethes. 
She storms onto the set. 
They watch in the news office. 
SOMEONE drops down out of the camera shot. 
A producer watches in the gallery. 
SOMEONE struggles with the door that leads to SOMEONE's office. 
She heads out. 
SOMEONE's slack-jawed. 
SOMEONE heads back into the gallery. 
SOMEONE looks nervous. 
In his office, SOMEONE watches SOMEONE on TV. 
In the studio, SOMEONE cringes. SOMEONE and SOMEONE are glued to the screens. 
Watching the TV, the attendant is cracking up. 
After the show 
she stares at him. 
He raises his brows and shoves a pastry into his mouth. 
SOMEONE beams. 
Live on Daybreak, SOMEONE is dressed in a sumo suit. 
Out on the plaza, she wrestles with a real sumo who bashes her repeatedly with his flabby belly. 
On set 
she handles a sugar glider, a raven, and a skunk. 
SOMEONE's in a plane. 
He jumps out strapped to another guy. 
With his mouth stretched open, his cheeks jiggle. 
In the studio, SOMEONE slinks down towards the desk with an agonized expression. 
She gives the frog a sloppy kiss. 
SOMEONE lands, skidding along grass. SOMEONE plays the bagpipes. 
50 Cent in the Daybreak studio. 
SOMEONE performs with him. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE dance in the gallery. 
SOMEONE's in an aircraft. 
He faints. 
His head lolls backwards as he spirals upwards. 
She talks to the producer in the corridor. In the studio, SOMEONE is getting a tattoo on his ass. 
SOMEONE gawps. SOMEONE's stony faced. 
Some papers. 
SOMEONE glances down awkwardly. 
SOMEONE watches a man screwing on a door handle. 
SOMEONE smiles, impressed. 
SOMEONE's fallen asleep on a couch. SOMEONE throws a pencil at him. 
SOMEONE is jogging. SOMEONE races after him with the ratings. 
In a SOMEONE. 
To SOMEONE 
SOMEONE jogs off. SOMEONE stands there holding the bag, figures and sags. 
In SOMEONE's apartment they have dinner together. 
SOMEONE turns to SOMEONE. 
He shakes his head. Then pulls a face. 
She switches off the TV. 
She looks at graphs. 
He eyes her gravely. 
She carries her plate away. 
She leaves. 
It's dark. She sits in the back of a taxi and presses her hand to her forehead. 
Morning - a golden sky over the silhouetted skyscrapers of Manhattan. 
SOMEONE's in his dressing room on the phone. 
SOMEONE overhears. SOMEONE shuts his door. 
Everyone sits back down. SOMEONE removes his spectacles. 
SOMEONE glances at SOMEONE in surprise. 
SOMEONE smiles at him. 
She stands by a monument. 
An IBS van pulls up and she runs to it. 
SOMEONE's in the front. 
She gets in the back. 
They pull up. 
SOMEONE, who's striding toward the Colonial-style clapboard country mansion, stops in his tracks. 
SOMEONE nods gravely and beckons SOMEONE, the cameraman. 
He marches towards the mansion. SOMEONE follows with his camera. 
On the phone, 
SOMEONE knocks on the Governor's door. 
The Governor answers the door. 
He points. 
SOMEONE grabs a weather vane. 
He trips. 
Squad cars pull up outside the mansion. 
On air, SOMEONE glances at the squad cars. 
Watching, SOMEONE beams. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE sit on a bench. SOMEONE smokes a cigar. 
He frowns thoughtfully. 
SOMEONE looks down and shakes her head. 
She smiles at him warmly. He nods pensively and gazes ahead. 
She meets his gaze directly and he turns in towards her. 
Her brow pinched, SOMEONE glances down at the ground. 
SOMEONE looks down and pinches the material of his trousers nervously. 
He gives her a gentle smile, then looks down. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE head back into the Daybreak offices to find the team gathered around a table. 
They all stand and clap as the pair enter. 
SOMEONE leans over and kisses SOMEONE on the cheek, then wipes off her lipstick SOMEONE. 
She sits opposite SOMEONE in his office, as he leafs through graphs and charts. 
She eyes him with anticipation wearing a slight smile and raising her brows. 
SOMEONE smiles. 
She stares in surprise. 
Her eyes widen and dart about. 
He smiles at her. Her jaw slackens. She looks down. Her eyes flit from side to side. 
Their eyes meet. 
SOMEONE lowers her gaze again and frowns. 
Deep in thought. 
SOMEONE drinks in a bar at a table with a group of friends. 
They all laugh and joke with one another. 
SOMEONE turns to the window with his brow furrowed. 
SOMEONE stands gazing in from outside. She smiles at him nervously. 
SOMEONE stands on the street outside with SOMEONE. 
They sit inside the local bar where they first went for a drink. 
She smiles. 
SOMEONE nods. 
Coming out of IBS. 
He glowers at her. 
SOMEONE fights back tears. 
SOMEONE looks down. 
He hangs his head, glances up briefly, then walks away, putting on his sunglasses. 
SOMEONE stands on the plaza, her chest heaving, her eyes wet with tears. 
She turns and heads back towards the entrance of the building. 
In the Daybreak offices, she stands in a doorway staring down, and puts her hand on her hip. 
A woman approaches carrying a note. 
The woman leaves the note with SOMEONE and heads off. 
Later, SOMEONE sits on the couch with the note still in her hands. 
SOMEONE remembers. 
SOMEONE laughs and jokes with a couple of other members of staff. 
SOMEONE chats animatedly with colleagues. 
One of them throws a screwed up piece of paper at him. 
They all smile. 
Two members of staff chat and study a piece of paper. SOMEONE walks through the corridor behind them. 
He gazes in through the window, his craggy face set in its usual curmudgeonly expression. 
SOMEONE shakes her head and looks down at the note in her hands. 
SOMEONE stands outside the NBC building and examines the note in her hands. 
She looks up at the enormous skyscraper 
then heads in. 
She heads through the spacious lobby with classical style paintings on the walls 
and goes up to the reception desk. 
At Daybreak, SOMEONE sighs. 
SOMEONE stares ahead. 
Daybreak plays on the screen in the interview. 
He comes into the gallery, 
SOMEONE leaves. SOMEONE's bewildered. 
He stops at a table of food. 
He steals food from a guy's takeaway container. 
The interview. 
SOMEONE hurries back onto the set with the food. 
She eyes the screen. 
The interviewers all turn to see SOMEONE breaking eggs. 
SOMEONE gawps. 
He pours in whisked eggs. 
He looks into the camera. 
On the phone, 
SOMEONE nods. 
SOMEONE runs through the lobby. 
She leaves. 
She runs past a huge golden statue by a fountain. 
SOMEONE sprinkles salt into the frittata. 
SOMEONE grinds pepper onto the frittata. 
SOMEONE races up steps and across a plaza filled with trees and plants. 
In the gallery, 
SOMEONE bends down to pick something up. 
SOMEONE races across a road. 
SOMEONE opens a large oven on the set. 
SOMEONE runs past the IBS building. Pigeons scatter in her wake. 
SOMEONE runs a spatula around the edge of the saucepan in which he has cooked the frittata. 
SOMEONE steps, light-footed, through the studio. 
She wears a pretty, floaty dress. 
She stops just off the set and watches SOMEONE 
who eventually looks up and spots her. 
He looks down again 
then glances up and smiles. 
SOMEONE smiles back. Tears glisten in her eyes. 
SOMEONE grins. Her eyes sparkle. 
SOMEONE sneaks up behind SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE touches his chest gently. 
SOMEONE tries his frittata. 
SOMEONE beams and nods. 
SOMEONE beams and nods. 
SOMEONE turns to SOMEONE who grins cheekily. SOMEONE waves to her from across the studio and she waves back. 
SOMEONE presents a gift bag to her friend, SOMEONE. 
It's a t-shirt that reads, Welcome to Daybreak. 
SOMEONE smiles and hugs her. 
SOMEONE ambles along with SOMEONE, chatting. 
SOMEONE's mum pins up a newspaper clipping on a notice board that reads Daybreak revitalized. 
She smiles proudly, tears in her eyes, and puts her hand over her mouth. 
SOMEONE reads a huge dictionary. 
A magician with an assistant saws SOMEONE in half. 
In SOMEONE's apartment, SOMEONE runs to the fridge 
and puts her phone in it. 
SOMEONE goes into SOMEONE's dressing room. 
He has a hand on her butt 
and her hand is over his. 
SOMEONE gazes down the corridor 
then shuts the door. 
A pink sky over New York. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE stroll along together. 
The both stared straight ahead. 
No String Attached 
Five years ago, a large white fraternity house with columns on the ground, white pediment at the front 
Standing beside his buddy, SOMEONE, SOMEONE stares at SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE points a massive foam hand. 
SOMEONE slinks up behind the girl and dances in time with her. 
It's her father's funeral. 
Standing by the coffin everyone's in black. Apart from SOMEONE who's wearing a bright yellow Michigan top and beige chinos 
the men wear skullcaps. 
SOMEONE gives SOMEONE's attractive mom a big hug. 
Mourners gather at SOMEONE's family home, a colonial-style mansion with white walls, shuttered windows, and a red-tiled roof. 
Two boys run down the stairs. 
SOMEONE's mother, SOMEONE, is standing outside by a pretty rose garden. 
SOMEONE walks SOMEONE to his car, a blue BMW. 
He gets in the driving seat and SOMEONE leans by the door. 
Looking slightly lost he drives away. 
Pretty, dark-haired SOMEONE watches him with her arms folded. 
One year ago, a bright sunny day, the steel and glass skyscraper of Los Angeles gleam. 
People mill about at a farmer's market by an artificial lake. 
SOMEONE's friend SOMEONE is nearby. He's stocky guy with a friendly face he sees SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE's with a girl. 
SOMEONE walks over, SOMEONE's nearby watching. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE smiled approvingly. 
A guy shows a picture to the girls. 
SOMEONE walks down to see him. 
SOMEONE lights the joint. 
He takes a script from his back. 
SOMEONE proudly points to the name on the cover page. 
SOMEONE takes a drag on the joint. 
SOMEONE raises his brows and Vanessa runs off. 
SOMEONE has a drag. 
In a bar SOMEONE makes some calls. 
sunlight washes over SOMEONE's face. 
He frowns as he slowly wakes up on a couch. 
He opens his eyes. 
He holds up his hand to block out the bright sunlight. 
She sits in the kitchen counter eating cereal. 
SOMEONE squints at her blearily. 
SOMEONE's naked apart from the towel he's clutching over his groin. 
He sits up and looks around. 
He hugs the cup and drinks. 
SOMEONE stands watching. 
SOMEONE looks up at her with his eye narrowed. 
She smiles. 
He goes to stand but stops himself. 
He clutches the towel over his penis. 
SOMEONE turns away SOMEONE sits on her bed and pulls on his jeans. 
She wiggles her hips and waves her hand around provocatively. 
She sits beside him and puts her arm around his shoulder. 
He clutches her knee. 
He undoes the belt in her blue robe. 
They gaze at each other for a moment, 
SOMEONE leans closer. 
and kisses SOMEONE passionately. 
He lays her on her back, gets on top of her, and pulls off her robe. 
Her chest heaves as he struggles with the packet. 
They make love. 
Outside the room, SOMEONE smiles. 
He puts his hand over her mouth. 
SOMEONE's mouth gapes. She gazes into Adams eyes. 
Later they get dressed and SOMEONE hand SOMEONE his top. 
He puts it on. 
She smiles and pats his arm. 
At an outside restaurant SOMEONE checks messages on his iPhone, SOMEONE gets up. 
He frowns heavily. 
SOMEONE stands up. 
SOMEONE stops SOMEONE. 
With an awkward look she walks off. 
As SOMEONE and SOMEONE go into to the restaurant SOMEONE wearily shakes his head. 
They high five. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE walked past with their lunch. 
SOMEONE watches them go and get in SOMEONE's red Prius. 
SOMEONE's in the hospital cafeteria, SOMEONE comes in with a congrats balloon. 
She snatches the balloon. 
they walk past the doctor. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE walk up outside. 
SOMEONE looks at his phone a message from SOMEONE reads, "You’re placed in 30." 
He and SOMEONE lay side-by-side in bed. 
SOMEONE leans over and snuggles closer. 
As she gets dressed she smiles and steps closer to SOMEONE who's sitting up in bed. 
He presses his lips together thoughtfully, 
a smile spreads across his face. 
Grinning she puts on her top. 
Beside her car he kisses her. 
She gets in her car. A neighbor walks up with his dog. 
They guy shakes his head and walks by. 
SOMEONE's on the couch. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE have wild sex in a variety of locations. At work SOMEONE receives a text. 
She looks at SOMEONE's penis through 3D glasses. 
In the operating theater SOMEONE lies on the operating table. SOMEONE shines a light on his naked body and runs her finger along his leg. 
In a park near the water, SOMEONE and SOMEONE have a barbecue with some of their friends. SOMEONE throws a Frisbee to SOMEONE and runs at her. 
He wrestles her to the ground. 
SOMEONE tosses the salad. 
SOMEONE frowns and sends a text message to SOMEONE. 
He has really small hands, 
he smiles. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE load the car. 
He parks in front of the garage door and goes inside. SOMEONE's lying on the couch holding his hands and feet in the air and slowly moving them back and forth. 
He wiggles his toes. 
SOMEONE's at work. 
She chases her. 
At the hospital, SOMEONE goes to the lobby where her sister SOMEONE is waiting. 
She's wearing an engagement ring, 
SOMEONE beams. SOMEONE frowns unsurely and nods. 
At home, SOMEONE has made herbal teas. 
SOMEONE goes to the intercom. 
SOMEONE opens the lobby door and hurries upstairs holding a box of cupcakes. 
SOMEONE opens the apartment door 
and SOMEONE cautiously steps in. SOMEONE's curled up on the couch in pain. 
She nonchalantly shrugs. 
SOMEONE sits with SOMEONE on her bed and tries to feed her soup. 
She has a spoonful. 
SOMEONE lies on his side with his arms around SOMEONE. 
She wakes looks right him 
and pries herself free. 
She looks at him earnestly. 
He looks away from her and grabs his coat. 
Smiling bitterly he picks up his sneakers. 
In the park. 
At the hospital. 
A man looks at SOMEONE surprised. 
the city is a sea of lights. 
SOMEONE gets out of a black car at the hospital Christmas party at the plush W Hotel. 
He opens the passenger door for SOMEONE 
and then opens the door again, SOMEONE smiles - touched. 
SOMEONE goes over and taps him on the shoulder. 
SOMEONE smiles. 
SOMEONE walks up to her. 
SOMEONE wraps her arms around SOMEONE and kisses him on the mouth. 
He twirls her under his arm. 
she takes another call. 
wearing a pretty purple strapless dress SOMEONE totters to a taxi in her high heels. 
He carries them over to SOMEONE and SOMEONE, 
he smiles. 
He goes outside 
and stands face-to-face with SOMEONE. 
She stares at him. 
SOMEONE comes out. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE follow him inside. 
SOMEONE carries SOMEONE inside, 
she nibbles his lips. 
She kisses him. 
The cast and crew are gathered around SOMEONE who's sitting at the piano. 
SOMEONE stares at his father. 
SOMEONE blows out the candles on the cake which has the painting The Creation of SOMEONE by Michelangelo. 
At the hospital, SOMEONE runs to SOMEONE who's with Dr. SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE lies on a bed. 
He gives it to SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE pops a pill and looks at SOMEONE. 
She slaps his cheek. 
SOMEONE head-butts the table. 
SOMEONE looks touched. 
SOMEONE raises his eyebrows 
They walk out. 
SOMEONE's stunned. 
SOMEONE gives an embarrassed smile and a wave. 
She turns and gives SOMEONE an inquiring look, 
she nods. 
He smiles and steps closer for a kiss. 
She looks unsure and sighs, 
she walks off. 
A smartly dressed SOMEONE sits on the bonnet of his car waiting outside the hospital, 
SOMEONE walks up wearing a raincoat over a shimmering silver shirt dress. 
Her long brown hair hangs lose. 
SOMEONE steps up to her 
with his hands behind his back. 
He holds up a bunch of carrots. 
They drive through town. SOMEONE sits with the carrots lying next to her. 
She holds up a card, 
stuck to it was sticking plasters 
is a cutout picture of a human heart. 
He hands her a document. 
He goes straight in the hole. 
She takes the shot, 
the ball hits an angled block, 
takes a shot, left turn, nudges against the concrete curb, and heads straight for the hole. 
The ball passes through a tube beneath the shrubbery and rolls straight toward the hole. 
In a diner, they both suck through straws. SOMEONE gets an extra straw. 
SOMEONE grabs a handful of straws and has a big slurp of the chocolate milkshake. 
She wipes his lip and licks her finger. 
They gaze at each other. 
Avoiding his gaze she leans forward and has a drink. 
Later, SOMEONE drives along smiling. He glances at SOMEONE who stares ahead. 
Preoccupied, she looks out at the window to her side. 
They walk through the urban light instillation at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art. 
A rectangular arrangement of 202 vintage street lamps from the city all painted gray. 
They stand facing each other. 
She slaps his chest. 
A security guard breaks them up. SOMEONE walks away and SOMEONE jumps on his back, 
the guard runs over to them he breaks them up a second time. 
SOMEONE drives SOMEONE up outside the hospital. 
They both sit staring ahead stony faced. 
Tears glistened in SOMEONE's eyes. 
SOMEONE undoes her seat belt. She turns towards SOMEONE, but doesn't look at him. 
She gets out of the car and walks towards the hospital. 
She stops beneath the red and white emergency sign and looks back, 
SOMEONE drives away. 
Still in her pretty silver dress SOMEONE walks into the hospital. 
In a daze, she slowly walks past the front desk. 
SOMEONE sees her. 
SOMEONE watches SOMEONE concerned. Clutching her coat she wanders down the corridor oblivious to Dr. SOMEONE, who glances around at her. 
SOMEONE is having a candle lit dinner with SOMEONE. SOMEONE comes in. 
In SOMEONE's bedroom, he pulls a chair up for her. 
She sits decisively.  
She smiles he sits facing her.  
Six weeks later. At the hospital,  
SOMEONE stands leaning against the worktop in a kitchen area. SOMEONE doesn't acknowledge her.  
SOMEONE goes outside. 
SOMEONE looks around at Dr. SOMEONE as he walks by.  
SOMEONE drives along a highway by the ocean with her mom SOMEONE beside her. SOMEONE's new boyfriend, Bones, is sleeping on the backseat. He's a thick-set old guy with a mustache and a ponytail.  
SOMEONE looks back and smiles. SOMEONE frowns disapprovingly and blinks. 
They drive over a long bridge by the ocean,  
then along a palm tree-lined road.   
Under the pale blue sky the ocean has a shimmering silver sheen.  
They turn up a driveway through lush gardens.  
On the sound stage, the cast of SOMEONE's show, Secret High, perform a prom dance number. 
SOMEONE, SOMEONE, and Wallace are also there watching.  
Young couples dance together elegantly.   
As the number comes to a close, dancers surround the male and female leads, SOMEONE and SOMEONE, and slowly raise their arms.   
a satisfied smile spreads across SOMEONE's face. SOMEONE and SOMEONE both elegantly dressed in white kiss passionately.  
At SOMEONE's wedding rehearsal dinner, 
SOMEONE rolls her eyes. 
SOMEONE smiles fondly. She grabs SOMEONE's phone and hands it to her.  
He looks tense. His eyes glaze. SOMEONE calls SOMEONE as he stares at his phone, which SOMEONE holds aloft. At the other end of the line SOMEONE waits expectantly. SOMEONE hangs up and sits on a bench.  
With a look of disbelief SOMEONE slowly lowers her phone. 
She smiles at him.  
She stares ahead intently.  
Lights glow beneath the porch roof.  
SOMEONE switches off the car headlights and gets out, Wearing a pretty pale lilac SOMEONE dress.  
SOMEONE sighs and creeps out from behind the bush.  
She walks down the steps to the road. She calls SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE gets in the car.  
They sip red wine, then lean in for a kiss at the same time, and bash heads.  
Faces on the couch, SOMEONE leans close and kisses SOMEONE forcefully on the mouth.  
She kisses him, then frowns. 
She stands and unbuttons her shirt. 
He checks his phone. SOMEONE frowns.  
SOMEONE stands with her shirt hanging off and clicks her fingers.  
SOMEONE drives along the freeway listening to SOMEONE's Period mix.   
She munches from a large box of doughnut holes. She has sugar-frosting smushed around her mouth. 
She grabs her phone, a message from SOMEONE reads, "Call me."  
She makes the call. SOMEONE meets SOMEONE and her little dog at the hospital.  
She frowns.  
She shakes her head.  
He looks away bewildered.  
She holds out the fluffy white Pomeranian.  
SOMEONE takes Freckles and walks off. With a look of distaste, SOMEONE wipes her hands together and goes. 
With Freckles hidden inside his blue cardigan 
SOMEONE sneaks past reception. 
SOMEONE covers Freckles completely with his cardigan and heads along a corridor.  
He walks into a room where SOMEONE lies in a slightly tilted bed SOMEONE shuts the door. 
SOMEONE opens his cardigan and puts Freckles on the bed.  
SOMEONE sits beside the bed.  
SOMEONE wearily shakes his head.  
SOMEONE smiles,  
he holds Freckles up close to his face.  
SOMEONE stands and gently touches SOMEONE's brow.  
SOMEONE wanders out and SOMEONE strokes the dog. He smiles. 
SOMEONE walks along beneath the covered walkway with the red and white emergency sign at the end of it.  
He makes a phone call.  
SOMEONE gets out of the car and walks over to him.  
He steps closer then frowns. He gestures for her to wipe the sugar frosting from beside her mouth and she does that.  
She blinks back tears.  
SOMEONE's chest heaves. SOMEONE stares at her with tears glistening in his eyes. 
They go to each other and kiss passionately.  
SOMEONE cups her hands around the back of SOMEONE's neck and pulls him closer.  
They squeeze each other tight and kiss tenderly.  
They both smile.  
A massive breakfast of pancakes and waffles.  
SOMEONE cuts herself a big helping of pancakes. SOMEONE frowns. 
They drive along the coast road.  
They get out of the car.  
SOMEONE's still in the pale lilac SOMEONE dress. SOMEONE wears jeans and a t-shirt. 
They stand side-by-side and watch the proceedings. 
SOMEONE turns to SOMEONE smiling nervously. 
With a wry smile he looks down and takes her hand in his 
gently knitting their fingers together. 
SOMEONE frowns anxiously. 
SOMEONE, SOMEONE, and his two dads all hug. 
The door opens and she stares distastefully at an elderly gentleman. 
She cautiously enters the elevator 
and the door starts to close. 
A guy runs up, stops the door with his briefcase, and gets in. He's followed by several more people. 
Suddenly, Vanessa is surrounded by elderly men and women. She looks decidedly uncomfortable and makes a bid for freedom. 
The door closes. 
In a sunny park, SOMEONE pulls SOMEONE close and they kiss passionately, 
then nonchalantly walks off. 
SOMEONE gives a weary look and follows him. 
Fully clothed, he behind her with his arm around her 
they sleep peacefully. 
In a classroom the teenage boy draws in his textbook, sketching a mustached man with a worried face. 
As a matronly teacher makes her way down an aisle other students hand her their assignments. 
The young artist sits concentrating, shading a shirt collar under the worried face. 
SOMEONE collects his things and heads out. Now outside, he cuts across a grove of leafless trees beside a river. He stops and gazes ahead. He stands alone in his dark coat before a backdrop of buildings and a stonewall. Now he enters the school office where an assistant does paperwork. 
A man behind a window beckons SOMEONE sternly. 
In the Principal's office the young man slings his backpack to the floor. 
SOMEONE drops his gaze. 
SOMEONE gazes a scant at the departing student. 
Collecting his book bag, SOMEONE heads off. Now he emerges from a stairwell unto the school roof. With parted lips he stares through the chain linked fence toward a highway and a distant bridge spanning the nearby river. Glancing over his shoulder, he spots an onlooker across the rooftop. 
One of the three students from the lunchroom, a blond girl, exhales smoke and meets his gaze. 
As SOMEONE faintly smiles, the stairwell door opens. 
The blond tosses her cigarette through the fence. 
SOMEONE quickly takes out a cigarette. 
A dark haired faculty member arrives. 
The blond mouths thank you as she leaves. 
Later. Entering a stylish apartment, SOMEONE walks a hall to a spacious living room with a comfy sitting area and a baby grand piano. In the kitchen he pours a bowl of cereal. A middle-aged woman enters and sets a briefcase on the table. SOMEONE averts his gaze from hers as he gets milk from the fridge. 
He takes his leave. Now seated at a white canvas in school he draws in pencil. Charcoal portraits decorate the walls. 
A gray haired bearded instructor approaches glowering. 
His drawing shows a fist punching the teeth out of the bearded teacher's grotesque caricature. SOMEONE punches him. 
Other art students glance up from their work. Now, SOMEONE exits the building. As the blond girl tries to walk abreast of him, SOMEONE ignores her. 
She catches up on the sidewalk. 
On a nearby court boys shoot baskets. 
SOMEONE bites her lip thoughtfully. 
SOMEONE glares as she spots 
a couple canoodling on a brown stone stairway. 
SOMEONE in a negligee and robe, the woman kisses a younger man, then flirtatiously touches his coat lapel. Her gaze follows as he makes his way past SOMEONE and SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE's mother heads indoors. SOMEONE stares, transfixed. 
The kids enter a well-appointed dining area where SOMEONE's mom holds a drink. 
Now, the three share drinks on a patio. 
Mrs. SOMEONE touches SOMEONE's leg. He jolts spilling his beer. 
SOMEONE rolls her eyes. 
Mrs. SOMEONE steps away. 
SOMEONE grins, his eyes darting. 
SOMEONE rises, smiling. SOMEONE's gaze meet his expectantly 
and she offers a demure smile. SOMEONE returns a winsome shrug. 
He lingers a moment then heads inside. 
SOMEONE leans forward, resting her head on her hand. 
Now, leafless trees silhouette the dusky horizon where SOMEONE stops and gazes off. 
He opens the door to his dimly lit apartment. 
He flicks a light switch, then another with no effect. Candles illuminate the living room and dining area.  
At the table, SOMEONE's mother shares a meal with a middle aged man. 
Later on a balcony, he gazes toward the twinkling Manhattan skyline. 
At school a pretty teacher in bookish glasses leads a class. 
SOMEONE glances at SOMEONE in the desk to his right. 
SOMEONE adds detail to a doodle die ball. 
He looks up. 
SOMEONE absent-mindedly thumbs the pages of a book. 
SOMEONE grins. 
Under the teacher's beaming gaze he fidgets. 
He shoots a glance at SOMEONE. Now he crosses the lunchroom where SOMEONE sits with her two friends, a dark haired girl and a preppy guy. SOMEONE catches his eye as SOMEONE starts to take a seat at an empty table. 
He approaches, tray in hand. 
SOMEONE hands him a textbook. 
SOMEONE scans the pages revealing severe black and white renderings of faces, eyes and mouths. Some punctuated with red. 
SOMEONE nods tentatively. 
Now in his bedroom, SOMEONE sits at a desk. He leans over a sketchbook with a pen and adds to a drawing which includes a horned Cyclops wearing a party hat. 
SOMEONE covers his sketch with homework as SOMEONE enters. 
As SOMEONE pretends to resume his homework, a pleased SOMEONE steps out. The teen sticks the assignment into a textbook, then returns to his drawing. 
He adds shoulders to a grimacing demon within a starburst design. 
The next day he arrives at school and opens the doors which have been decorated with paper snowflakes. 
At lunch. His drawing shows the demon punching through the page. 
He cracks a smile. Now Asian lettering adorns shops in Chinatown. SOMEONE and SOMEONE walk up from a Subway station. 
Later they eat from takeout containers. Now a film shows a man and boy descending a spiral staircase on the Eiffel Tower. 
Subtitles. Tell me why aren't you married? I haven't found my dream girl. In the movie theater, SOMEONE glances at SOMEONE who wears glasses. 
Do you like me? Of course not. A Marquee reads Zazie Dans le Metro. 
Across the street SOMEONE walks alone. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE round a corner and spy on him. 
Wearing his trench coat SOMEONE slowly ambles along with a briefcase in hand. SOMEONE and SOMEONE peer around the nose of a truck and watch him enter a coffee shop called, The Cup & Saucer. 
SOMEONE takes a seat at a window. 
SOMEONE watches his stepfather do paperwork. 
Now at school, as the teen heads up a stairwell the Principal blocks his path. 
He sips from a mug. 
The principal heads off. Now a banner hangs over the school entrance, Career Fair. SOMEONE steps outside with his shirt tucked in and a nametag on his chest. He looks around. 
He spots a scruffy looking guy standing across the street then heads in his direction. With his back turned to the approaching student the unshaven man hunches over to light a cigarette. 
A monitor shows an abstract painting. 
Later, SOMEONE and SOMEONE sit on a boulder. 
SOMEONE musses up his own hair. SOMEONE sits back and folds his arms. 
Holding a coffee with both hands, SOMEONE stares at him. 
SOMEONE glances at his coffee. Now, he and SOMEONE stroll along a sidewalk. 
SOMEONE smirks, then shakes her head and continues on alone. 
Watching her go, SOMEONE smiles to himself. About 50 yards away SOMEONE glances back. 
Now traffic passes several evergreens adorned with lights. The image dissolves to the trees at night as more traffic crawls by. On another day, a taxi drives over the Manhattan Bridge. Riding in the back seat, SOMEONE looks at SOMEONE who sits beside him. 
She glances out his window. 
SOMEONE sits up following her gaze past a railing to a cluster of industrial brick buildings. 
An American flag waves atop a pillar on the distant Brooklyn Bridge. SOMEONE smiles to himself. 
Now he presses a doorbell. 
The teens wait outside a blue building. SOMEONE shoves the door open. 
Seeing SOMEONE with SOMEONE, he giggles. 
He gestures inside. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE enter. SOMEONE yanks the door shut behind them. 
Inside his studio they look over various paintings. 
He points to one. 
SOMEONE wanders off alone. 
Later, SOMEONE looks over SOMEONE's sketchbook. 
He glances at SOMEONE who sits in the next room. 
SOMEONE looks at her. 
He peers out the window. 
He returns his attention to the sketchbook. SOMEONE shifts his gaze. That night he and SOMEONE ride back in a cab. 
SOMEONE rolls her eyes curiously then folds her legs. She and SOMEONE each look out their windows. Traffic drives past the median lined with Christmas trees. 
Now at dinner. 
SOMEONE text messages. 
Later in his room, he lies on his bed with an art book. He flips back several pages and studies a red hued painting of a figure standing under bare trees before a distant building. 
Turning to the next page he studies an oil painting of a woman in a ruffled dress facing a mirror. 
He turns the page again and studies a portrait of a sickly somber faced boy. The transfixed teen focuses on the boy's dark eyes, 
which seem to stair back at him. Shades of peach represent the subject's 
fair skin. Now in a gallery, patrons gather around SOMEONE. 
He notices SOMEONE approaching. A photographer snaps a picture. 
SOMEONE stares past SOMEONE and frowns. 
He turns around and sees only blank canvases adorning the walls. 
Now he awakes in bed. 
On a busy city street, traffic lights turn from green to red. In the kitchen SOMEONE fills a bowl with cereal, then glances around. 
He pours in the last few drops of milk from a carton. 
Stepping into a doorway, he sees SOMEONE hunched over paperwork in an office across the hall. 
SOMEONE watches his frustrated stepfather set one page aside and grab another. 
The teen takes out his cellphone and reads a text message from SOMEONE, Happy New Year. Meet me at SOMEONE's. 6 SOMEONE Circle. 20th floor. SOMEONE walks off. Now he knocks on a door. 
SOMEONE answers it wearing a shiny Lamé dress. 
SOMEONE gawks at her. 
He follows her inside. 
She leads him downstairs to a chic living room where they join SOMEONE and a girlfriend. 
A blond guy sits across from them. His friend sits beside SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE arrives. 
SOMEONE picks up a card reading, New Year's Eve Party. Then flips it over to find his drawing. 
He smiles at his work. 
Later on a quiet street SOMEONE and SOMEONE walk together following the others. 
Now in a trendy nightclub, she leads him through the crowd. 
She leads him across the dance floor. 
SOMEONE hands him a bottle of champagne. SOMEONE leads SOMEONE to the middle of the dance floor. A strobe light flashes on the anxious teen. Facing him, SOMEONE brushes back her hair. 
SOMEONE tries to dance, awkwardly swaying to the music. 
SOMEONE grins as she watches him. 
SOMEONE smiles and watches her dance ecstatically with her eyes closed. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE hug. As he dances close to her she looks at SOMEONE. 
He pleasantly raises his bottle of champagne then backs away disappearing within the crowd. 
SOMEONE watches him go, then turns her attention back to SOMEONE as she dances with him joyfully. 
Now, SOMEONE walks through the crowd. 
He approaches SOMEONE's friends at the bar. SOMEONE turns to him, holding a shot. 
They all raise shots. 
SOMEONE studies SOMEONE. 
A blond girl whispers in SOMEONE's ear then leads her off. 
SOMEONE watches her go. 
Wandering through the crowded dance floor SOMEONE glimpses SOMEONE still dancing with SOMEONE. As SOMEONE moves on someone hands him a shot. 
He toasts with the group. 
A brilliant disco lights swings by overhead as he shifts his dull gaze. Strobe-like flashes of the tightly packed club goers go in and out of focus. 
SOMEONE stumbles through the crowd. 
Outside, he shuffles across the street and vomits, catching the attention of two bystanders. 
He sits back against a wall. 
He spits. 
A string of saliva falls from his mouth as he sits up and catches his breath. 
He undoes a button of his shirt, then hangs his head with his eyes half closed. Down the block, a group of pedestrians walks by. 
Later, SOMEONE lies alone, passed out against the wall. 
Crossing the street, SOMEONE picks up her pace as she finds her lost friend. 
She crouches at SOMEONE's side and helps him sit up against the graffitied wall. 
Now, with SOMEONE's arm draped over her shoulders, SOMEONE helps him into her bedroom. Leaning him against the door jam, she doffs her coat. 
She rolls out the lower level of a trundle bed. 
She grabs a pillow and a comforter. 
She twitches a smile then straightens SOMEONE's overcoat. 
SOMEONE blinks over her smile and averts her gaze. 
With a kind look she reaches for him. 
She slides his coat off then steadies him as he staggers to the bed. Holding his side, she guides him to the lower bed beside her own. He flops back on it, then watches as she spreads the comforter over him. 
SOMEONE turns her back to him and switches off a lamp on a dresser. 
As SOMEONE's eyelids open and close between wakefulness and sleep, he glimpses her intermittently. 
With her back to him, SOMEONE slides out a dresser drawer. 
She pulls her dress up over her head, revealing her bra. 
She puts on a three quarter sleeve baseball T. 
As she dons pajama pants, she glances over her shoulder at SOMEONE. 
He sees her just before his eyes fall shut. 
One last glimpse shows the dresser without SOMEONE in front of it. 
Now, pale light glows on SOMEONE's sleeping face. 
His eyelids flutter and he wakes up. 
Shifting his head on the pillow, he turns to SOMEONE and watches her sleep. 
He props himself up on his elbows and sweeps his gaze up SOMEONE's face, taking in her rosy lips, smooth cheeks, and closed eyes. 
Still studying her beauty, he lies back. 
With his thoughtful gaze fixed on the sleeping girl, SOMEONE lets his eyelids shut. 
Morning. Propped on one elbow, SOMEONE sits awake in bed, her eyes darting to the lower regions of SOMEONE's blanket. She presses her lips together to stifle a smile, then shifts her gaze to SOMEONE who blinks awake and looks up at her. 
He smiles. Following SOMEONE's gaze, he sees his morning wood jetting up under the blanket. He rolls off the bed. 
He glances at SOMEONE, then drops his head. 
Later in the dining room, Mrs. SOMEONE brings SOMEONE a Bloody SOMEONE garnished with a celery stalk and bendy straw. 
Sitting kitty corner to SOMEONE's mom SOMEONE nods, then sips the drink. 
He shoots her an alarmed look. 
She pushes her chair out and strides away. Her mother glances after her. 
SOMEONE smiles. 
He lifts the straw to his lips and drinks. Now he follows SOMEONE down a sidewalk. Slowing his pace, he watches his stepfather grab a newspaper off the top of a trash can then cross the street. With his eyes fixed on the man, SOMEONE remains on the opposite sidewalk. 
He pauses behind a pair of pay phones then takes a few steps and sees 
SOMEONE sitting on a bench in a crowded bus shelter. 
The people waiting around him stir as a bus pulls up. 
The bus glides away to reveal SOMEONE alone on the shelter bench. 
He reads the newspaper. Later SOMEONE exits an elevator in an office building. He walks down a barren corridor and stops in front of a door. His jaw drops as he spots an eviction notice taped to it. The door's shiny nameplate reads, SOMEONE Sargent. Marketing Research Incorporated. 
Nighttime. Wearing dark framed glasses, SOMEONE sits on her bed and reads. Her mother joins her as she folds her daughter's clothes. 
SOMEONE gives her mother a pointed look. With a faint smile, Charlotte glances away. Now in a gallery at the Whitney Museum, SOMEONE and SOMEONE face a gray canvas covered with chalky scribbles. 
Wearing a coiled white scarf, SOMEONE moves to a painting of two red rectangles below a white one. 
SOMEONE nods uncertainly. 
He glances at SOMEONE then returns his gaze to the paintings. 
SOMEONE shrugs, then moves to another painting. SOMEONE joins him. 
SOMEONE gazes at the piece of art. 
SOMEONE eyes him thoughtfully, then steps in front of the next piece. 
The sharp perspective canvas shows six rows of plates each holding a slice of cake or pie identical to the others in its row. 
He gives an embarrassed shrug. 
SOMEONE eyes the plates. 
With a knowing smile, SOMEONE leaves SOMEONE staring at the image. SOMEONE leaves. 
Now SOMEONE sits across from SOMEONE at a restaurant. 
A plastic table stand between them reads, Valentine's Day menu. 
SOMEONE nods and smiles. 
Nodding, SOMEONE stares down at the table. 
He folds his hands on the table. 
Staring at SOMEONE, he gives a faint sad smile. 
SOMEONE shoots him a thoughtful look, then lowers her eyes. 
She meets his gaze. 
Starring into SOMEONE's eyes, SOMEONE gives a tiny nod. 
She twitches a smile then brushes hair away from her face. 
He grins. SOMEONE rumples her lips. 
SOMEONE stares at her with hard eyes. 
SOMEONE presses his lips into a tight line. He averts his gaze. 
As she peers directly at SOMEONE his eyes widen. His lips part fumbling. 
SOMEONE bows her head. 
She averts her gaze as SOMEONE stares crestfallen, SOMEONE leans toward him. 
As she sits back and sips her drink SOMEONE lowers his gaze. 
Later, heading down a sidewalk with SOMEONE, SOMEONE stares straight ahead. His hands in his pockets and his face sullen. 
SOMEONE glances at him but he avoids her gaze. 
He looks down thoughtfully. 
He stops walking. 
SOMEONE blinks her confused eyes. SOMEONE stares back angrily. 
He turns on his heels and strides away. 
Staring after him she shakes her head then storms off in the opposite direction. 
Now, SOMEONE lies on his bed with his hands folded under his head. His iPod plays beside him. 
His phone display flashes. SOMEONE calling. With a sour look, he rejects the calls then smooths the front of his shirt and folds his hands behind his head. 
SOMEONE shoots his cell a brooding glance, then reaches for his iPod and hits play. 
Now he wears a different but similar outfit as he lies on his bed with his eyes closed. 
His mother raps on the door. She opens it and looks in. 
His mother stares at him, her brow creased. 
Slack jawed, she closes the door as she leaves. SOMEONE lies with his arms folded over his stomach and his eyes shut. 
He presses play on his iPod and lies back. 
Now at school SOMEONE sits in the lunchroom with SOMEONE and SOMEONE. She glances back at SOMEONE reading alone one table away. SOMEONE scrutinizes him curiously, and SOMEONE wears a wounded expression. 
Later, SOMEONE lies on his bed gazing dourly at the ceiling. SOMEONE opens the door and gawks. 
SOMEONE stares at him. 
Rolling his eyes, SOMEONE returns his gaze to the ceiling. SOMEONE stares at him for a moment then backs out of the room and closes the door. 
SOMEONE shuts his eyes. Meanwhile SOMEONE listens on her phone. 
She ends the call then hits redial. 
With a frustrated look she hangs up. Striding down a waterfront walkway she pauses as she notices someone up ahead. She smiles faintly then heads over to SOMEONE who sits on a low stonewall sketching on a pad. Later, SOMEONE strides down a sidewalk. SOMEONE approaches from the opposite direction. His hands in his coat pockets and his gaze fixed on the ground. The two teens walk right past each other offering no sign of acknowledgment. 
Evening. Pale sunlight gleams off cars parked on both sides of a city. 
White letters on a red sign outside of a bar read, SOMEONE's. Sitting alone inside SOMEONE brushes her bangs out of her face, then glances at the door as it opens. SOMEONE joins her at the bar. 
Shifting uneasily, SOMEONE tucks some hair behind one ear. 
One elbow on the bar, SOMEONE runs a hand through his wavy hair. He props his head on it and gazes at SOMEONE with wistful eyes. He offers a restrained smile. 
She gives him an annoyed look. 
As she gently sways back and forth in her seat, SOMEONE turns away. 
SOMEONE slides out of her chair. 
She offers her hand. 
SOMEONE accepts, then rises from his chair. Gazing into his eyes, she lifts his hand and spins under his arm. As she pulls him in and starts to dance he sits again. 
SOMEONE nods then breaks into a flirtatious smile. Closing her eyes, she begins to dance in front of SOMEONE. 
She sways sensually and the artist gives a longing look. Daytime. In class, SOMEONE stares out a window at a neighboring building. A bird flies past. 
As his English teacher collects the students’ papers, she stops at his desk and touches his shoulder. 
She notes his distant expression. 
His teacher frowns. 
SOMEONE averts his head. 
Now, SOMEONE arrives at the school office. 
The assistant sheepishly meets his gaze. SOMEONE proceeds to the Principal's office. Later he sits wringing his hands. 
Three of SOMEONE's teachers sit in the room. 
The English teacher purses her lip. 
With glistening eyes, SOMEONE looks up at SOMEONE who avoids his gaze. 
The math teacher gives him a harsh look. 
He rubs tears from his eyes. 
The sober faced teachers stay put as SOMEONE gets up from the couch and exits. He turns back at the open door. 
He continues out with a numb expression. 
Now Vivian and SOMEONE sit waiting for him at home. 
The distraught mother dabs at the corners of her eyes with her pinkie. 
SOMEONE steps into the room. 
SOMEONE grabs him roughly and they wrestle to the floor. 
As SOMEONE gets back up his stepfather restrains him from behind. 
He backs SOMEONE into the doorframe and the older man slumps to the floor clutching his shoulder. 
The troubled teen runs out. 
Later, our view chases after him as he races through the park. 
Night falls as he bolts down SOMEONE's street and into her apartment building. 
He catches his breath as she answers. 
She slips out shutting the door behind her. 
He presses her up against the door and kisses her. 
She pushes him back and frowns uncomfortably. 
With a heavy blink, she lifts her brown eyes to meet his. 
SOMEONE twists the doorknob behind her back. She pushes the door open a crack and SOMEONE takes a look inside. 
Charlotte sits on the sofa near SOMEONE who guiltily leans forward in an armchair. 
Later, SOMEONE marches away from the apartment building. 
SOMEONE runs out after him. 
The boy turns around with a wounded glare. 
SOMEONE pouts, his eyes glistening. 
Tears stream down SOMEONE's cheek. 
The boy dries his face 
with his sleeve, then glances off pensively. 
He flashes a wry dimpled smile. 
Dusting contritely shifts his arms at his sides. 
SOMEONE's chin furrows sadly as he stares at his mentor. 
SOMEONE returns a solemn, remorseful look. 
SOMEONE turns around and mopes off down the block of brown stone buildings. Later he sulks at a bar while SOMEONE, SOMEONE and others have a good time all around him. 
Someone passes in front of our view as the picture fades to black. 
In the early morning under a gray sky SOMEONE walks down the middle of a street. 
Later he strolls through a park on a pathway between tall leafy trees and approaches Vivian sitting on a bench. His shoulders sag as he lets out a sigh. 
His mother smiles at him and lifts her eyebrows. 
SOMEONE tightens his lips and takes a seat beside her on the bench. He folds his overcoat closed as a strong breeze blows through some trees and bushes at a wall behind them. 
Smiling gently she closes her eyes and lets out a breath. 
She closes her hands over her nose and mouth as she sobs. SOMEONE puts his arm around her and kisses her. 
He rests his cheek against her honey blond hair. 
Later, SOMEONE strides into the Principal's office. 
SOMEONE hurries out. 
Now in the art room. 
Later, SOMEONE leaves the school with a tall stack of assignments. 
SOMEONE falls into step with him. 
SOMEONE stops and faces her. 
SOMEONE's mouth creases as she stares at him remorsefully. 
He walks off leaving her behind. 
Later at home. 
As he heads off, Vivian watches him fondly. In his bedroom SOMEONE plops the thick stack of assignments down on his desk. He removes his coat. Rolling up his sleeves he takes a seat at his desk and straightens the pile of homework. He stares at the daunting stack of folders and assignment books for a moment then turns on a lamp and opens up his laptop. 
On another day, our view travels across his bedroom to find him hard at work at his desk. 
He works out a trigonometry equation. Vivian shows in another couple. 
Later, SOMEONE sets up a blank canvas on an easel and stares at it. In the kitchen Vivian wraps up pieces of pottery in newspaper and boxes them. 
SOMEONE writes an essay on ruled notebook paper. 
He now takes a brush to his canvas and starts his painting. 
He mixes shades of emerald and white to form a pale green. Later on the canvas, he uses thick brush strokes to apply streaks of white over the green. He paints a purple vertical line, then shadows it in burnt sienna. Now at school he writes an essay for his English final. Later he uses a calculator to work out a problem for his trig final. Back at home, he solves another long equation, types on his laptop and fills in answers on some French homework. 
He types up a paper citing the Thoreau's Civil Disobedience. Taking an essay test he begins an answer with a mention of SOMEONE Bacon and SOMEONE Hockney. For a multiple-choice question he circles the answer, Renaissance. Back at home he rubs his eye then places a completed assignment atop a stack and grabs the next piece of homework. Now in his loft, SOMEONE works on a painting as dawn breaks outside his windows. SOMEONE wakes up in his bed and watches him deliberately stub out a lit cigarette near the bottom corner of the canvas. Her eyes lower pensively. 
Meanwhile, SOMEONE works on his own painting in a white T-shirt. 
Vivian smiles in his doorway drying her hands on a towel. SOMEONE grins. 
Vivian looks around the bare walls. 
He eyes his canvas. Later. 
Vivian admires her son as she shakes her head. 
Later, SOMEONE strolls into his room where only his twin size bed remains. 
He gets a text from SOMEONE, I need to see you. 
Now an illuminated awning over an entry way reads, Lou's. Inside the softly lit bar, SOMEONE and SOMEONE share a booth, each with a bottle of beer on the table. 
Her friend musters a tight smile. 
SOMEONE responds with a forgiving nod. 
SOMEONE's eyes glisten and he presses his lip. 
SOMEONE gives him a grave nod. He bravely looks her in the eye. 
SOMEONE lowers her gaze. 
She rubs her neck then rests her head in her hand and allows a brief sad smile. 
SOMEONE looks down and bites her lips. 
With a faint smile, she reaches out and takes his hand in hers stroking his fingers with her thumb. 
Later as they follow the sidewalk, the young beauty casually bumps against SOMEONE, then tucks her hair behind her ear. 
Their interlocked hands sway gently with their 
Now they arrive at her deserted apartment. 
They sit before laced curtained windows filled with soft golden light and kiss tenderly. 
Pulling back SOMEONE beams at SOMEONE. 
He invitingly brushes the tip of her nose with his. 
Her smile grows and she brings her lips to his again. 
As they share a series of soft gentle kisses, her hand moves up to his shoulder. 
Now in the soft predawn light, street lamps twinkle beyond a weathered wooden bench. SOMEONE strolls into view and takes a seat. 
He stares off, his lips pursed in a thoughtful pout. 
Back in Charlotte's empty apartment SOMEONE pulls away abruptly and looks up at SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE gives her an eager kiss. 
SOMEONE kisses him and drapes her arms around his shoulders. 
He smiles down at her. 
On the bench SOMEONE gives a hopeful smile. 
He lowers his gaze and licks his lips 
Now, verdant tree branches dapple our view of a bright blue sky patched 
with wispy clouds. 
She sets a heavy backpack at her feet. 
Then slips her hands in her pockets and cranes her neck for a view up the street. 
Elsewhere, SOMEONE leaves his building with his now draped canvas tucked under one arm. His other arm curls around the massive stack of completed homework assignments as he heads down the sidewalk at a brisk pace. 
Now, cars line up outside an international terminal at an airport. 
A black luxury car with tinted windows pulls into view and parks at the curb. SOMEONE and SOMEONE get out. 
The trunk pops open and they reach in for their bags. In the Principal's office SOMEONE's hands set the massive stack of assignments down on the desk. Working facing the wall, the administrator turns and looks up at SOMEONE. 
He eyes the stack. 
At the airport, SOMEONE and SOMEONE arrive at the boarding area where other passengers file through a gate. 
The teen girl hesitates and looks around. In the art room, SOMEONE sets SOMEONE's canvas on an easel. 
He steps back, his hands on his hips and regards it shrewdly as his troubled student stands nearby. 
The art teacher faces SOMEONE with a cocked eyebrow. 
He shoves the boy, then envelops him in a proud embrace. The teen gives a dimpled smile as he returns the hug, then faces his work with gleaming eyes. SOMEONE puts an arm around his shoulder and looks at the painting with an appreciative scowl. 
At the boarding gate, SOMEONE lingers by a window. Now a banner over the school entrance reads, Morgan. Congratulations, Seniors. 
SOMEONE sits by SOMEONE. 
He shakes his head. 
On her other side SOMEONE stands, goes to the stage and shakes the Principal's hand. 
The teen takes his diploma and executes a groovy spin. 
SOMEONE chuckles fondly and SOMEONE laughs into her hand. They briefly share a smile. At the boarding gate, SOMEONE checks with a ticket agent then joins SOMEONE at the sun lit window. 
With a fond smirk SOMEONE steps closer, cradles her head in his hands and gives her a tender kiss. 
SOMEONE briefly averts her gaze then flashes a wan smile. SOMEONE kisses her again. At graduation, SOMEONE's expression grows pensive. At the airport SOMEONE lowers her gaze then smiles at SOMEONE again. At school, SOMEONE notices SOMEONE's tense demeanor. 
SOMEONE beams warmly at him. 
The principal leans over the podium looking straight at him. SOMEONE lifts his gaze, his hazel eyes gleaming. In slow motion he stands and makes his way to the stage. SOMEONE and SOMEONE grin after him. His mother beams happily. As he reaches the stage SOMEONE winks at him. SOMEONE regards him proudly. His math teacher gives a delighted round of applause and his English teacher nods approvingly. The Principal meets him. 
Smiling faintly he shakes SOMEONE's hand then leans in. 
He holds out SOMEONE's diploma. As the teen accepts it the Principal pats him on the arm and steps away. SOMEONE smiles after him appreciatively. 
As he faces the audience, sunlight flares in brightly through a window behind him. His mother beams proudly, her eyes glistening. The teen scans the room. Elsewhere SOMEONE turns, her surroundings washed out by sunlight. At graduation, SOMEONE's eyes shine as he lingers on the stage. Outside, tree branches bordering the streets sway gently in a breeze. 
At the school a teen girl comes outside in her cap and gown and joins two fellow graduates. 
In the art room, SOMEONE stands with his graduation robe slung over one arm. On the easel, his painting offers a portrait of SOMEONE in 
tints of green and purple. 
The subject gazes off with a stoic expression hinting at wisdom beyond her years. Turning away, SOMEONE sets his diploma and graduation robes on a chair. 
As he turns back he halts and stares. In the doorway SOMEONE stands with her hands clasped before her. She offers a little smile and he regards her with shining eyes. 
The teen girl enters the room holding SOMEONE in a solemn gaze. SOMEONE's eyes follow her. 
As she passes obliviously behind her own portrait, moving with slow deliberate steps, 
she keeps her gaze on him. 
Approaching the young artist, she regards the portrait appraisingly then tilts her head and smiles. 
SOMEONE glances at the painting then eyes SOMEONE anxiously. 
SOMEONE's gaze cools and his smile vanishes. She joins him at his side then faces the portrait again. 
She looks up at him with a teasing smirk. SOMEONE beams understandingly. 
His hand reaches out taking a gentle hold of SOMEONE. 
As they linger facing the painting together she glances at him fondly. 
SOMEONE heaves a grave sigh. She faces SOMEONE intently then looks back at the painting. 
The two teens hesitantly met each other's gaze. SOMEONE yields a coy smile and turns toward the painting. SOMEONE follows her example with a hopeful gaze. 
Headlights glow behind them. 
The couple kisses passionately. 
The driver side window shatters. The slipping truck veers right, and the pushed car slams into something. 
Still seen in slow motion the brunette woman appears weightless as she drifts headfirst toward the windshield. 
It shatters on contact. She lands halfway outside, face down on the hood. 
The front bumpers crushed against a utility pole.  
Later, emergency personnel wheel the unconscious couple into a hospital on stretchers. 
Words appear. Inspired by true events. 
In the ER a doctor intubates the wife while another cuts the husband's shirt. 
In a corridor, three guys and two women anxiously heed the words of a nurse. The husband briefly opens his eyes. 
Four years ago. 
In a government building the broad shouldered man waits in line. 
He sees his future wife with dark chin length hair leaving the counter ahead of him. 
As she passes, he glances after her. Their gazes meet. 
They share a smile. 
Now he catches up with her, wearing a hip straw fedora. 
She turns and finds him right there. 
He holds it out. 
He notices a sticker on her car. 
She smiles, he drops his gaze and grins sheepishly. 
She opens her car door. 
She looks him in the eye. 
Considering, she allows an amused smile. 
She nods and he grins brightly. 
She closes her driver side door and triggers her keychain remote. 
Later in a dine-in spot called SOMEONE Mnemonic, 
SOMEONE hides two chocolates from a box behind his back. 
They each take a bite from a chocolate. 
She offers her glass of red wine. 
As he takes a sip, she plucks the straw fedora off his head and tries it on herself. 
He tweaks the brim lower on her brow, and she wipes chocolate off his mouth. 
At another SOMEONE, a pale and red-nosed SOMEONE shrugs her open sweater onto her shoulders and serves drinks. 
She frowns at a box left on a table by a window. 
She wipes her nose with a tissue, then heads over. 
Finding a photo of herself on the box's lid, 
she lifts her gaze and sees her handsome companion standing outside in the pouring rain. 
He gestures and she opens the gift. 
She reads a note on a box of tissues. 
She finds medicine. 
She takes out a photo of SOMEONE holding a guitar. 
Holding his gaze, she presses the photo to her chest. Finding another note, she reads. 
She pulls out a sexy lingerie bask with a black laced trimmed bust. 
Holding it up, she purses her lips and mocks a seductive expression. 
SOMEONE grins. 
SOMEONE glances around, then hurriedly lowers the lingerie. 
With a wave, SOMEONE heads away. 
SOMEONE’s reflection in the window shows her loving smile as she waves back. 
SOMEONE holds an arm out of a car window, as SOMEONE drives. She tickles him. 
His eyes squint merrily as he leans back laughing. 
SOMEONE beams at him, SOMEONE’s grin wilts and he clenches his jaw. SOMEONE stares. 
With a smile, SOMEONE hits a switch. As she puts her power window up she holds SOMEONE’s gaze. 
In the present, a CT machine scans an unconscious SOMEONE.  
At his wife’s bedside, 
he returns her wedding ring to her finger. A ventilator tube juts from her mouth.  
In a flashback, SOMEONE exits an apartment and finds her in an alley. 
She feeds a stray cat. 
She heads inside. 
SOMEONE’s three guy friends join them. 
SOMEONE serves her pancakes with words spelled in blueberries. 
He adjusts a few berries, clarifying the message, Move in, with a question SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE beams and SOMEONE’s guy friends swap happy looks. 
She kisses SOMEONE. 
Now SOMEONE wears a wedding veil. 
They stand with friends in a gallery. 
He takes out his vows. Grinning, SOMEONE shows her identical SOMEONE Mnemonic menu. SOMEONE’s guy friends, a brunette woman with a beauty SOMEONE and a few others witness the event. 
Beaming, SOMEONE nods. Their friends smile. 
Their officiating friend spots two guards. 
The newlyweds share a quick kiss, then flee the museum gallery with their small group of friends. The guards chase them. 
Hurrying up a flight of stairs, SOMEONE drops his SOMEONE Mnemonic menu and pauses to snatch it up. 
Outside, he holds SOMEONE’s hand as they race across a footbridge. 
The guards give up the chase. 
A sign below reads, The Art Institute of Chicago. 
In Millennium Park, SOMEONE and SOMEONE kiss under the steel, bean shaped archway of cloud gate. 
A wider view shows people strolling the plaza around the 40-foot high sculpture. 
Their warped figures reflected on its seamless, chrome like surface. In another flashback, 
SOMEONE works a mound of clay on the table in an art studio. 
Her pulled back hair is now shoulder length. 
With a frustrated look, she smacks the unfinished sculpture, then shoves the table away. 
SOMEONE enters and turns off the stereo. 
SOMEONE stomps irritably. 
SOMEONE holds up a piece of clay, shaped like a person. 
He makes the tiny figure dance. 
SOMEONE playfully bites her neck. 
He tickles her sides and she sinks to the floor in the fetal position. 
He eyes clay on a table. 
Nodding, SOMEONE gives him a tender smile. 
She points at a different table. 
She eyes the subject of his commentary. 
Grinning, she cups his face in her hands and presses her lips to his abashed smirk. 
As they kiss, she lies back on the floor, pulling him down on top of her. 
He brushes his fingers over her hair, 
then lowers his lips to her neck. 
She pulls up his shirt to reveal his toned back, and works it over his head. 
His fingers move to the buttons on her top. 
Sunlight glows through the studio windows as SOMEONE lies asleep face down on SOMEONE’s chest. A rumpled sheet covers their waists. 
SOMEONE stirs and caresses his wife’s arm with his thumb. 
In the present, SOMEONE breaths with a nasal cannula as she lies in bed. 
Wound scars barely show on the right side of her face. 
SOMEONE stands with SOMEONE’s doctor at the foot of the bed. 
The brunette shifts her groggy gaze, then closes her eyes and winces. 
SOMEONE’s eyes grow misty. 
SOMEONE gives him an uncertain look. 
SOMEONE turns to the doctor. 
SOMEONE addresses the question to SOMEONE. 
He shoots her doctor a glance. 
SOMEONE eyes him expectantly. 
The real doctor turns to SOMEONE who returns a nonplussed glance. 
The physician watches as SOMEONE’s distressed husband takes a seat at his wife’s bedside. 
SOMEONE stares at SOMEONE with perplexed eyes, and he meets her gaze solemnly. 
She glances away. 
He touches her arm, but she pulls it back with an alarmed look. 
SOMEONE drops his dejected gaze. 
The doctor observes closely. 
SOMEONE lifts her hand and stares at the gold rope designed wedding ring on her finger. 
She shifts her shocked eyes to SOMEONE. 
Now he exits to the hall. 
He storms off. 
Now in a corridor, SOMEONE paces by a vending machine, clenching and unclenching his fists. 
He leans against the machine. 
With his back against it, he sinks to the floor. 
He touches the wedding band around his finger, then wrings his hands. 
SOMEONE enters a waiting room and finds SOMEONE asleep on a couch. 
She pokes his shoulder with one finger. 
Waking, he hurriedly sits up and rubs his face. 
She flashes a nervous grin. 
Smiling he collects his belongings. 
He takes her to the cafeteria. 
SOMEONE frowns dubiously. 
SOMEONE shifts her shocked gaze. 
She moves down the serving line. Now, SOMEONE’s friends visit at the hospital. 
A guy throws a packaged salad at another. 
The girl with the beauty SOMEONE crouches in front of SOMEONE and looks up at him. 
SOMEONE gazes downward. 
he reclines in the large, industrial room, serving as his and SOMEONE’s trendy Bohemian apartment. 
Now, he arrives in the recovery ward with a tote bag and strides cheerfully to SOMEONE’s curtained off bed. 
Pulling the curtains aside, 
he finds the bed crisply made and unoccupied. 
He goes to the nurse’s station. 
Leaving the recovery area, SOMEONE breaks into a run. 
Now in a comfortable private suite, 
an elegant older couple regards SOMEONE coldly. 
SOMEONE’s mother kisses her hand. 
In the cafeteria. 
SOMEONE meets her gaze reluctantly. 
SOMEONE hangs his head. 
SOMEONE leaves the table and he gestures helplessly. 
Standing he gathers their things. 
SOMEONE shrugs and shakes her head. 
She moves off. 
SOMEONE briefly hangs his head then takes a deep breath. 
Now SOMEONE enters the VIP recovery room, clad in a short crocheted sweater dress and boots. 
Her doctor arrives. 
Meanwhile, SOMEONE runs through the hospital. 
SOMEONE hurries in. 
Her brow knitted, SOMEONE blinks at SOMEONE. He lowers the phone. 
SOMEONE stares at him, her gaze softening. 
Lowering her thoughtful eyes, SOMEONE puffs her cheeks out then exhales. 
Her parents glower. 
SOMEONE fixes his fond eyes on his wife. 
Now, as he drives her through the city, SOMEONE faces her side view mirror. She briefly lifts her bangs back and studies the scar at her hairline. 
Noting her husband’s earnest expression, SOMEONE yields a shy smile. An elevated train passes nearby. 
SOMEONE smiles wistfully. 
SOMEONE averts her surprised, slack-jawed gaze. 
At night, SOMEONE shuts her door for her as she gets out of his 80s era Wagoneer. 
He shyly walks her to their apartment’s entrance. 
He leads her in to a foyer, then gestures. 
As he shuts the door and carries their things, SOMEONE wrings her hands and ventures warily into the living room. 
SOMEONE’s eyes widen. The girl with the beauty SOMEONE hugs her. 
The lovely woman recovers her smile. 
The wedding officiant. 
As SOMEONE hurries off, SOMEONE watches her go. SOMEONE follows his wife. 
Later, the guests file out. 
SOMEONE sees off a trendy couple, then withdraws into the apartment and shuts the door. 
At a dressing table, SOMEONE’s fingers glide over a drawing of a reclined female figure in a sketchbook. 
Quaint odds and ends litter the surface. 
SOMEONE’s reflections shows in a small round mirror trimmed along the bottom with photos and illustrations. 
She picks up a bottle of perfume, and gives it a sniff. 
SOMEONE approaches and sits in a nearby armchair. 
Her gaze anguished, SOMEONE shuts her eyes. 
SOMEONE gets up and leaves the room. 
Staring ahead, SOMEONE’s features twist in a remorseful SOMEONE. 
In the living room, a shirtless SOMEONE covers his bare feet with a nappy blanket 
and curls up beneath it on a couch. 
SOMEONE remains at the dressing table. 
She props her chin on her fist. 
An artfully made, queen sized bed lies unoccupied behind her. 
On the couch, SOMEONE stares off with a melancholy gaze. 
Now, the sun shines brightly outside their converted warehouse building. 
Inside a framed photo of a shirtless SOMEONE stands beside a baroque vanity mirror painted yellow. 
The frame of a much larger wall mirror is home to several more candids, lovingly tucked in place. 
SOMEONE approaches in a towel and spies a photo of her tattooed back. 
She anxiously locates the swirling crescent shaped fish tattoo on her actual back. 
SOMEONE steps away from the mirror. 
On the living room couch, SOMEONE stirs groggily and wakes. 
He sits up and throws off the blanket. 
He rests his elbows on his knees, 
then stands and plods bare bottomed across the room. 
As SOMEONE puts on a bra, her naked husband straggles by, rubbing his eyes. 
SOMEONE cracks up. 
Smiling, SOMEONE shuts himself in an adjacent bathroom. 
Now, a door opens to reveal SOMEONE wearing a Chicago Cubs sweatshirt and a sporty ponytail. 
She enters the kitchen. 
Sitting at the island, SOMEONE beams at her. 
She opens a cabinet. 
SOMEONE continues through the kitchen, opening the high cabinets one at a time. 
SOMEONE watches her intently. 
She notices. 
SOMEONE notices fresh fruit, coffee, and French toast on the island. 
SOMEONE sits at a place setting. 
SOMEONE nods and sets down a newspaper. 
SOMEONE shrugs inquisitively. 
SOMEONE bites his lip and stifles a boyish smile. 
SOMEONE nods demurely. 
As SOMEONE gets the coffee pot his wife bites into a strip of bacon. 
SOMEONE stares at the bacon. 
She sets it down and picks bacon bits off her tongue. 
SOMEONE steps toward his wife, hesitates, and pats her back. 
He heads for the door. 
Going out, he glances at her repeatedly. 
SOMEONE offers a small wave and he shuts the door. 
Left alone, she bites into a strip of bacon. 
Now SOMEONE’s Wagoneer pulls up outside a converted garage with corrugated metal walls and a red door. 
Inside, SOMEONE works at a soundboard. 
SOMEONE comes in and deposits his things near the door. 
SOMEONE hangs his head unhappily. 
At the apartment, SOMEONE slides aside a grated door, protecting shelves of records, books, and DVDs. 
She finds a sticky note from SOMEONE attached to one disc’s box. It reads More Evidence. 
She winces as she watches. 
SOMEONE laughs at her recorded comment. 
In the video, SOMEONE holds up her menu. 
SOMEONE sorrowfully covers her mouth. 
Later, she clutches a hard-covered book to her chest, as she strides into SOMEONE Mnemonic. 
Crouching in front of a display case, she eyes shelves of pastries, then straightens. 
She points, 
she grins. Now she exits with her purchase. 
At a store across the street, SOMEONE pays a florist. 
Outside SOMEONE Mnemonic, SOMEONE glances around without seeing him, then heads down a sidewalk. 
SOMEONE takes his bouquet of flowers and hurries in another direction. 
Later, SOMEONE stands by a stairway to an L-train platform and looks around in confusion. 
Meanwhile, SOMEONE arrives at their apartment. 
Elsewhere in the city, SOMEONE stands at a bustling intersection and blinks her frustrated eyes. 
At the apartment, SOMEONE spots his wife’s cellphone left on the kitchen island. He picks it up and checks its display, 
then heads outside. 
On the sidewalk out front, he glances around, then breaks into a run. 
SOMEONE enters a restaurant equipment store and approaches a worker at a counter. 
SOMEONE continues his search. 
Now a car pulls up in front of SOMEONE. 
Her mother beckons. 
Climbing into the convertible Mercedes, SOMEONE hugs her. 
They drive off. 
Later at the apartment, SOMEONE waits in the living room area and anxiously rubs his head. 
SOMEONE arrives wearing a classy, contemporary dress and a half sleeved cardigan. 
SOMEONE strides over. 
SOMEONE gives a helpless shrug. 
SOMEONE bows his head then meets her imploring gaze. 
SOMEONE trudges out of the kitchen. 
Later he drives her through an upscale neighborhood. 
She holds the bouquet he purchased. 
SOMEONE blinks. 
She mulls it over. 
They approach a Tudor style house. 
Now in a dining room, SOMEONE casually displays a ring on her finger. 
SOMEONE eyes SOMEONE who mouths, It’s okay. 
Already seated, SOMEONE stands awkwardly, then sits again. 
SOMEONE raises his glass with the others. 
SOMEONE gives a wry look. 
SOMEONE eyes her lovingly, and she twitches an uneasy smile. 
SOMEONE nods equivocating. 
SOMEONE gives her fiancé a look. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE stare at him with blank expressions. 
SOMEONE gives a puzzled shrug. 
Later, patrons queue up outside a chic bar. 
Entering, SOMEONE and SOMEONE trail behind SOMEONE and SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE waves at a blonde, who averts her gaze. 
SOMEONE glances over. 
They reach a table. 
Three women greet them. 
SOMEONE slaps SOMEONE on the back. 
SOMEONE observes the group, tentatively. 
Turning, SOMEONE stares with an enamored look. 
A clean-cut blonde man in a suit holds her gaze. 
SOMEONE smirks. 
SOMEONE smiles at SOMEONE who gives SOMEONE a haughty glance on his way to the bar. 
As the reunited friends chat, SOMEONE stands awkwardly apart. 
Later, at his recording studio. 
SOMEONE frowns dizzily. 
Now they sit outside. 
SOMEONE glances over, then shrugs. 
SOMEONE stares off thoughtfully. 
Now, an L-train trundles over a bridge. Riding on board, SOMEONE glances out her window, as her train crosses an intersecting rail line. 
Later, elevator doors open and she strides past a reception desk in an upscale office. 
SOMEONE finds SOMEONE on the phone in his office. They swap a wave. 
Facing his ex, he grins from ear to ear. 
He gestures cordially, and SOMEONE takes a seat in front of his desk. 
Sitting behind it, he shoots her a quizzical look. 
Wincing, SOMEONE glances away. 
He rises. 
He half-sits on the front of his desk. 
Averting her gaze, SOMEONE nods disappointedly. 
They both stand. 
With a bashful smile, SOMEONE hugs him. 
He hesitates then wraps his arms around her and wraps his arms around her and rests this chin on her shoulder. 
As they inch apart, SOMEONE cradles the back of his head and they kiss. 
Blinking back tears, she struggles to remain composed. 
She bites her lip. 
Later, at the apartment, she kneels on the dining table, adding photographs to rows of images organized in front of her. Other photos lie in disarray behind her.  
SOMEONE enters. 
He kisses her cheek, which unsettles her. 
As she rests her elbows on the table, he rubs her shoulders. 
He tickles her and she jumps. 
He ducks into their bedroom. 
She stares after him. 
Standing just out of view by the doorway, SOMEONE clenches a fist. SOMEONE shifts her sad eyes, then turns away. 
SOMEONE pours herself coffee then walks to SOMEONE who reads the paper. 
She sits in front of him. 
Smiling, he heads off. Outside they walk an alley. 
Entering the studio, SOMEONE gazes around the spacious, rugged room, cluttered with works in progress and supplies. One bronzy 10-foot sculpture, shaped vaguely like a mermaid bears a pebbled texture. Sketches hang out of a few half-open drawers and a dresser 10 drawers high. 
They explore the room. 
SOMEONE examines a treelike nymph sculpture. 
Its trunk resembles a woman’s torso. 
SOMEONE gives a sad smile. 
She edges past an industrial pedestal fan. 
She wrings her hands, eying a feminine sculpture in repose. 
He moves to her unfinished piece. 
He offers a sculpting knife. 
Standing at a partially-formed clay sculpture, SOMEONE gives a tense look. 
He bounces over to the stereo and turns it on. 
He dances back to SOMEONE. 
As SOMEONE trudges back to the stereo, SOMEONE heaves a ponderous breath. 
SOMEONE slams down the sound system’s control deck. 
SOMEONE straightens and peers morosely at him. 
She drops her admonished gaze. He shrugs. 
With an exasperated look, he heads to the door. 
SOMEONE watches him leave the studio, 
then blinks her troubled eyes. She turns away from the unfinished sculpture. 
Outside, SOMEONE trudges down the alley. His hands curl tensely as they swing at his sides. 
In the studio, SOMEONE eyes the section of wall covered in drawings and other artwork, 
then faces her towering, treelike sculpture. 
She eyes its twisted trunk with branches jutting out from the top, like hair on its head. 
Lowering her gaze, she strides for the door and irritably tosses down a piece of clay on her way out. 
Now, SOMEONE’s Wagoneer rounds a corner by the apartment. 
At home, SOMEONE writes in a notebook. 
She tears out a sheet. 
She folds it hurriedly as SOMEONE walks in. 
SOMEONE faces the bathroom. Seated at her desk, SOMEONE stands nervously. 
SOMEONE goes to a bag on the bed. 
Her father SOMEONE exits the bathroom. 
SOMEONE continues packing. 
SOMEONE carries two bags out. 
SOMEONE puts down his shoulder satchel and regards SOMEONE with a wounded expression. 
SOMEONE averts his considerate gaze, shakes his head and shifts on his feet. 
SOMEONE gives a relieved grin and nods. 
Coming forward, she obliges warmly. 
She steps back, smiles at SOMEONE and leaves. 
Her husband turns on the spot. 
His jaw clenches, agonizing. 
Now a penlight shines directly on SOMEONE’s jade green eye. 
She looks to SOMEONE. 
Her mom looks away worriedly then puts on a smile. 
Her smile tenses. 
She moves stiffly past SOMEONE’s doctor and leaves the room. 
Under the doctor’s compassionate smile, 
the young woman briefly hangs her head. 
SOMEONE takes a deep breath. 
At the studio, SOMEONE joins SOMEONE as she works a recording session. 
Teens play on the other side of the glass. 
SOMEONE wears a suit jacket and narrow tie worn over a crisp white shirt. 
SOMEONE flips a control board switch. 
Lily’s gaze softens, sympathetically. 
SOMEONE marches out. 
Outside the Thornton’s mansion, elegant guests attend an engagement party in an immaculately tended back yard. 
Passing SOMEONE, SOMEONE happens upon SOMEONE. 
Nearby, SOMEONE glowers. 
As he leaves, SOMEONE smiles at SOMEONE. 
He smirks cryptically. 
As he steps away, SOMEONE beams after him. 
Now, SOMEONE strolls the patio, sipping a glass of red wine. 
He turns. 
Her styled hair has highlights. 
He stares at her groomed and lightened tresses. 
Behind SOMEONE, SOMEONE and a blonde woman converse with SOMEONE Thornton. 
Now, at home, SOMEONE puts on a dark blazer over a muted blue button down, then picks up a tie. 
Later, he walks a demurely dressed SOMEONE to his Wagoneer. 
SOMEONE chuckles as he strides briskly around the car. 
Later, under gleaming skyscraper windows, the SUV pulls into a space in a deserted civic parking lot 
situated before a crosswalk. 
SOMEONE smiles at SOMEONE, then looks around uncertainly. 
Her husband regards her with a tender gaze. 
SOMEONE responds with a warm appreciative smile. 
Now at SOMEONE Mnemonic, the front window shows SOMEONE and SOMEONE enjoying a meal and wine at a table for two. 
He presents chocolates. 
She smirks inquisitively. 
She selects a chocolate, then pops it in her mouth. 
She frowns. 
As SOMEONE chews the second truffle her eyes light up with a surprised smile. 
She turns the box of chocolates to face SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE eats one, SOMEONE pops another in her mouth. 
SOMEONE takes a deep breath, then tries another. 
SOMEONE skeptically chews another truffle. 
A fleck of truffle filling drops from her mouth onto her hair. 
They both crack up. 
SOMEONE reaches for the fleck. SOMEONE rocks in her seat. 
Later, in the night air, 
SOMEONE’s SUV halts on a narrow lane in a quaintly lit public park. 
He smiles at SOMEONE and directs her gaze out the windshield. 
SOMEONE unbuttons his shirt and SOMEONE’s smile fades. 
He removes his shirt. 
He sets a small wetsuit beside her and regards her with a subdued, wily smile. 
SOMEONE frowns, intrigued. 
SOMEONE unbuckles her safety belt, then writhes in her seat, working her demure dress off over her head. 
SOMEONE takes a peek. 
SOMEONE shakes her hair out. 
SOMEONE turns. 
He laughs as she dashes out in her bra and panties. Grabbing blankets and towels he hustles after her and does high steps to get out of his jeans. 
SOMEONE runs into the water up to her ankles and bids a hasty retreat. 
Clad in biker briefs, SOMEONE grabs her around the waist and carries her back in. 
Joining hands they run further out into the glistening lake. 
SOMEONE plunges in and SOMEONE submerges up to her shoulders. 
SOMEONE lifts both her feet and her upper body dunks up to her chin. 
Now he helps SOMEONE up and gives her a piggyback ride ashore. 
Grabbing a towel and blanket, he wraps both around her. 
SOMEONE hurries back into his car and he follows. 
SOMEONE wraps a blanket around his shivering shoulders and laughs with SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE considers, then envelops her hands in both his own. 
He blows on her fingers then kisses them tenderly. 
Now at the apartment, keys slide along the dining table. At its far end, SOMEONE and SOMEONE sway in an embrace. 
SOMEONE smiles fondly. 
In the soft light of the streetlamps outside, he plants two tender kisses on her lips. 
Leaning close, she brushes SOMEONE’s blanket off his shoulders, while letting her own fall to the floor. 
Standing in their underwear, they kiss again. 
SOMEONE smiles up at him sweetly, and his parted lips find hers. 
The young woman wraps an arm around her husband’s bare shoulder 
and he cradles her head in his hand. 
SOMEONE’s hand finds his cheek and caresses it softly. 
As they make out, we look on from the far end of the table. 
Our view sinks into the shadows. 
Now, SOMEONE helps SOMEONE out of his car. 
SOMEONE heads toward her parents' house. 
She faces him. 
Her smile gone, SOMEONE shifts her uneasy gaze. SOMEONE shakes his head earnestly. 
SOMEONE hunches her shoulders and looks away. 
She meets his gaze with a gentle smile. 
SOMEONE lingers on the spot, shifting boyishly on his feet as his wife enters her parents’ home. 
As she shuts the door, he turns away and steps around his car. 
Inside the house, SOMEONE sets down her keys and takes off her shoes. 
In the next room, SOMEONE waits up seated with a book. 
SOMEONE smiles sadly, her eyes welling up. 
SOMEONE shakes her head tearfully. 
SOMEONE gives her a hug. 
On a sunny day, SOMEONE walks with his friends. 
At the Thornton’s. 
SOMEONE brings SOMEONE a folder. 
SOMEONE’s mother joins them. 
SOMEONE hands the file to his daughter. 
At dusk in the city, two elevated trains pass one another under the Chicago skyline. 
In the apartment, SOMEONE drops a jacket on a chair and carries a stack of mail to a coffee table. 
Sitting, he flips through the envelopes. 
He pauses, then tosses them down. 
a pink envelope bears a stamp reading Past Due. 
SOMEONE wearily leans back on the sofa and stares at the ceiling. 
Now, on a sunny day, 
yellow rose petals arc through the air as wedding guests shower them on SOMEONE and SOMEONE. 
In their tux and gown, 
the newlyweds joyfully make their way up a narrow aisle between the well-wishers. 
Later, the groom sweeps his bride up in his arms. 
She laughs delightedly and he kisses her cheek. 
Later still, SOMEONE steps toward SOMEONE, but then holds back as she joins her sister for a wedding photo. 
the photographer takes a picture of the sisters, their parents, and SOMEONE. 
The bridal party moves on without SOMEONE, who stands among the guests. 
He turns on the spot, watching SOMEONE. 
She smiles briefly at him, then turns away. 
SOMEONE moves unhappily through the crowd. 
Later, with his necktie loosened, 
he strolls through a lavish outdoor reception 
and spies SOMEONE dancing with her sister. 
She fails to notice him and he moves on sullenly. 
Reaching the edge of the party, he arrives at a crenelated terrace, overlooking the city’s distant gleaming skyline. 
As he gazes off morosely, 
SOMEONE approaches with a bottle of fine liquor. 
He sets two glasses on the parapet. 
SOMEONE pours the drinks. 
They clink glasses. 
The two men sip the amber liquor. 
SOMEONE cocks his head and nods appreciatively. 
SOMEONE puts down his glass, SOMEONE does the same. 
SOMEONE takes another sip. 
The young man turns away. 
SOMEONE stares at him. 
From the reception, Mrs. Thornton notices the exchange. 
Moving past him, SOMEONE leaves the terrace. 
The older man hesitantly takes a drink of his whiskey. 
Behind him, SOMEONE goes inside. 
Setting his drink on a coaster, he plunks onto an elegant leather sofa. 
SOMEONE approaches, finishing off his own drink. 
They stand toe to toe. 
SOMEONE swallows and vaguely flashes a smile. 
SOMEONE finds SOMEONE staring at him, stunned. 
She marches off. 
SOMEONE looks down at SOMEONE, who sprawls on the floor with a bleeding nose, then follows SOMEONE outside. 
SOMEONE’s eyes glisten. 
SOMEONE wears a bitter, tearful smile. 
Blinking back tears, SOMEONE bravely meets her forgiving gaze. 
He grows stoic. 
SOMEONE averts her regretful gaze. 
Bowing his head, SOMEONE shuffles back a few steps, then heads inside. 
SOMEONE helplessly turns on the spot. 
Pausing by the door he faces his wife. 
SOMEONE regards her longingly, then turns away and walks back inside. 
SOMEONE stares after her estranged husband, then takes a few deep steadying breaths and shuts her eyes. 
Back in the city, SOMEONE lumbers down a sidewalk parallel to elevated train tracks. 
His suit jacket dangling from one hand, and his tie hanging from the other. 
His head droops forward and he transfers his coat to his other hand. 
Now in his recording studio, SOMEONE sits playing an acoustic guitar. 
The view drifts past stacked equipment and microphone stands as we watch the heartbroken young man play. 
On the other side of the glass, two lamps turn on in the mixing room. 
SOMEONE walks into view casually and peers at the soundboard. 
In the recording room SOMEONE gently plucks the guitar strings. 
His lips hold a pensive frown. 
From the other side of the glass, SOMEONE stares at him, then leaves the room. 
Unnoticing, SOMEONE’s eyes remain on the instrument in his hands. 
His wedding ring gleams on his finger as his left hand sets up cords on the fret board. 
SOMEONE walks up to him with folded arms. 
SOMEONE gives a tearful sympathetic nod. 
SOMEONE stares off, tears welling in his deep set eyes. 
He wipes one away, sets his guitar down and faces his friend. 
With a knowing shake of his head, he leaves his sorrowful friend stunned. 
Out in the night, a gliding view of Chicago’s streets and high rises presents a vast expanse of speckled lights. 
In SOMEONE’s now cleaned out studio, 
SOMEONE finishes packing a box. 
A half dozen empty worktables fill the room. 
SOMEONE closes the box and carries it out. 
Passing a trio of tall gracefully curved sculptures. 
Outside, SOMEONE loads the box on top of another in the back of his Wagoneer, then shuts the rear gate. 
As he goes back inside, 
a few pots of leggy dying flowers come into view. 
The plank mounded with SOMEONE’s clay scraps sits discarded beside them. 
Now the bean shaped  cloud gate in Millennium Park reflects an overcast day. 
Inside a high-rise building, 
a woman at a conference table slides legal documents to SOMEONE. 
Next to a notary’s embossed stamp, he locates SOMEONE’s signature on a line labeled Plaintiff. 
Above a phrase reads, Joint Petition for Simplified Dissolution of Marriage. 
SOMEONE glances at the lawyer and signs his name on a line marked Defendant. 
He twists the pen shut, drops it and leaves the table. 
Now shirtless on a cloudy day, 
the broad chested young man takes the garbage out 
and finds the stray cat perched on the trash bin. 
Munching a slice of pizza, he offers some to the cat. 
The feline shows no interest in the food, but lets SOMEONE pick him up. 
The cat’s paws rest on SOMEONE’s shoulder, as he carries the animal inside. 
Now SOMEONE spots SOMEONE at a market and quickly turns tail. 
SOMEONE grins at the apprehensive woman. 
SOMEONE's words sink in hard. 
SOMEONE approaches. 
She sees SOMEONE hurrying out the door. 
With a reluctant look, she faces her sister and meets her gaze. 
SOMEONE shrugs her hands. 
SOMEONE nods. 
SOMEONE rushes away. 
Now SOMEONE finds her mother gardening in front of the house. 
SOMEONE shoves down her bicycle. 
Her mother bows her head. 
Shaking her head, her mother lowers her tearful eyes. 
Smiling, she wipes away tears. 
SOMEONE’s eyes brim with tears. 
SOMEONE slouches and shakes her head to herself. 
She shrugs. 
Glaring, she walks away. 
Her mother remains kneeling before the autumn flowerbed. 
Now in the city, a water taxi glides under a bridge. 
SOMEONE and a young woman follow the sidewalk in front of his apartment building. 
As they stroll into the alley, SOMEONE’s grin fades. 
His ex-wife sits on a stoop with her head rested on her hands. She awkwardly gets to her feet. 
Closing her eyes for a moment, SOMEONE winces. 
SOMEONE watches his female friend leave, then faces SOMEONE. 
He steps closer. 
SOMEONE glances aside. 
She sits back down on the stoop. 
SOMEONE takes a seat beside her. 
SOMEONE studies him, her expression growing tender. 
As SOMEONE regards her, she sucks in a breath and gazes off thoughtfully. 
SOMEONE shakes her head and drops her face in her hands. 
Folding them she stares off. 
Meeting SOMEONE’s gaze, she shrugs. 
He returns a gentle look and she considers him. 
Now at North Western Law, 
SOMEONE sits in a lecture classroom with her notebook open. 
As the other students around her diligently take notes and type on laptops, 
SOMEONE draws in her notebook, 
making sketches that resemble the treelike sculptures in her former studio. 
Later, at a water taxi stop on the river, she walks with SOMEONE up a flight of stairs. 
SOMEONE glances away. 
She gazes at him with an apologetic look. 
He forces a smile. 
As they head up to the street, she takes his arm in a friendly gesture. 
Now SOMEONE sits on a bench on the law school’s quad and stares into the distance. 
Her father approaches. 
He takes a seat beside her. 
SOMEONE’s smile fades. 
He stands. 
Her gaze flickers over him. 
He eyes her lovingly and gives a faint smile. 
Seen in slow motion, SOMEONE hugs him, her chin pressing firmly to his shoulder. 
Now in the alley by the flowerpot garden, fall turns to winter. Snow veils SOMEONE’s clay scrap pile. 
Now Page paints animals on a nursery wall. 
Her pregnant sister smiles, watching. 
The sisters admire the mural which shows a giraffe, an elephant, and a lion balancing atop round trees. 
SOMEONE listens as a band records in his studio. 
In a new apartment, SOMEONE ladles her parents’ soup. 
The cat lies on SOMEONE’s stomach. 
SOMEONE sculpts in her apartment. 
Rifling through an unpacked box, SOMEONE finds the SOMEONE Mnemonic menu with her vows written on it. She reads. 
A factory style window shows a nighttime view of a light snowfall and a car traveling the warmly lit street. 
SOMEONE looks away thoughtfully. 
Now SOMEONE holds his coat, closed around his neck as he walks past a row of snow dusted Christmas trees for sale. 
Striding down a sidewalk with hunched shoulders, 
he blows on his cupped hands. 
As he reaches the entrance to SOMEONE Mnemonic, 
he finds a note written on a menu taped to the glass. 
It reads, snow day. 
He gives a disappointed look. 
Meanwhile SOMEONE heads toward the SOMEONE. 
Turning from the entrance SOMEONE starts to walk off, but spots SOMEONE approaching. 
She stops and puts her hands in her coat pockets. 
Grinning, she steps closer. 
He gazes tenderly at her, then glances at the SOMEONE. 
He stares at her radiant smile. 
He smiles. 
His eyes shine with tears. 
She nods then lifts her eyes to the falling snow. 
He follows her gaze skyward. 
The corners of SOMEONE’s mouth tug into a smile. 
She shakes her head. 
Stifling a grin, he gives a satisfied nod. 
They head down the sidewalk. 
She takes his arm as they head down the snowy street in the opposite direction. 
An L train glides overhead. 
Our view widens to show the glittering city scape. 
Opening it, she finds earrings inside. 
Stifling a disappointed look, she holds them up and forces a grin. 
His five friends all turn and stare at him. 
Cooking in her kitchen, SOMEONE gets a text: Mind if I hang with the guys? I'll pick up some pizza on the way home. 
He leans in too close. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE trade places. 
The woman averts her gloomy gaze. 
With a smile, he turns away. 
SOMEONE counts down on his fingers. 
He cocks his head at SOMEONE, then turns back to the pretty woman. 
Everyone but SOMEONE raises their beer. 
At the Ritz-Carlton. 
She watches from her treadmill in a kitchen. 
A young man with tattoos across his pecs, shoulders, and arms sleeps in bed. The woman from the coffee shop stands over him. 
Stretching, he opens his eyes. 
She gives him another quick kiss, then heads into the bathroom. 
He dresses hastily. 
She reemerges. 
She finds a note on the bed reading, Michelle, it was fun. 
People fight over copies. 
SOMEONE reads as she heads down a sidewalk. The successful business woman crosses paths with her and rolls her eyes. Now words type out: The Mama's Boy vs. The Single Mom 
In a SOMEONE and Noble, SOMEONE spots the single mother two paces ahead of him in line. 
She hides her SOMEONE Harvey book under a kitten calendar. 
He dawns glasses from a display and grins. 
SOMEONE steps up to the register. SOMEONE gives the next guy a pleading look, and he lets him cut ahead. 
Noting his disappointed look, SOMEONE turns away and collects her purchase. 
She faces him with a surprised expression, then allows a hopeful smile. 
At an open house: The Non-Committer vs. The Girl Who Wants The Ring 
A pregnant couple enters. 
As the well-dressed husband helps his wife down a few steps, SOMEONE's friend's jaw drops. 
The guys play horse. 
Steadying himself on SOMEONE, SOMEONE lifts his leg and shoots the ball with one hand. It bounces off the rim. 
SOMEONE sneers at displayed toys and a bong. 
She knocks over a giant toy robot. 
SOMEONE arrives. 
Words appear: The Dreamer vs. The Woman Who Is Her Own Man 
He and two friends eyed the successful woman. 
At the table, she sits with SOMEONE. 
She shows the book. 
Now SOMEONE returns home to find bare walls and empty shelves. 
He drops his pizza box. 
A brown lumpy sofa with duct taped cushions 
She shows some catalogs. 
He kisses her cheek. 
He turns on the TV. 
With SOMEONE and a friend. 
SOMEONE approaches. 
The Player vs. The 90-Day Rule Girl 
SOMEONE gives a downward twitch of her lip. 
SOMEONE stands nearby. 
As her friend chuckles, SOMEONE's face relaxes with a conceding smile. She shakes his hand. 
At the restaurant the chef approaches SOMEONE. 
Outside, SOMEONE approaches her car and hands over her valet ticket. 
SOMEONE watches her slide her jacket off revealing her silky smooth bare shoulders. 
With a little smile, she gets in behind the wheel. 
Keeping his eyes on her, SOMEONE opens the car's gull-wing door. 
As SOMEONE drives away, he speeds off after her. 
Now that Mercedes races around a corner. Stopped at a red light, SOMEONE watches it in her rear view mirror as it slows and pulls up to her right side. 
She lowers her passenger side window. 
SOMEONE searches the many buttons on the console. 
He self-consciously lifts a finger signaling her to wait. 
His gull-wing door slowly rises. 
She tosses it across the room. 
Sucking in her cheeks, she gazes out at the city through floor-to-ceiling windows. Her eyes slowly shift back toward it. 
Now SOMEONE highlights a question in SOMEONE's book, 
What are your short-term goals? 
The guys play a half court three-on-three game. SOMEONE tries for a three-pointer, but it bounces off the rim and SOMEONE gets the rebound. 
SOMEONE rubs the ball against his crotch, then tosses it to SOMEONEt. He catches it in his shirt. 
Later, SOMEONE arrives at home to find it completely redecorated. 
Exiting a room, a well-dressed man almost collides with him. 
He spots two guys moving a chair. 
He grabs his chair as movers carry it off. 
The designer turns away. 
Now at SOMEONE's apartment, her friend grins as SOMEONE enters the living room wearing a tight black dress. 
SOMEONE returns to the living room in a form-fitting sheath dress, with a longer skirt. 
She examines her reflection in a full-length mirror. 
SOMEONE gives Sonia a disappointed look, then turns away. 
At the Ritz-Carlton Residences, two suited men open the front double doors for SOMEONE as she strides out, 
dressed in the form-fitting cocktail dress. 
He holds a Town Car's door open and she climbs in. He gratefully blows kisses skyward. 
Sitting beside her, he gives her a rose. 
Dressed in a chauffeur's uniform, SOMEONE turns forward and drives off. 
Now as SOMEONE and SOMEONE walk toward his car, he hits the locks remote. 
He heads to the driver's side. 
He speeds off. SOMEONE stares after him, her jaw hanging. 
The car backs up, returning to the curb in front of her. 
SOMEONE takes a steadying breath. 
She rolls her eyes. 
SOMEONE climbs out of the car. 
He opens her door. 
Now his red Taurus sedan drives off. 
SOMEONE nods. 
She gives SOMEONE a frustrated look. He holds up a placating hand. 
At dinner with SOMEONE and SOMEONE 
With SOMEONE. 
She sips wine. 
Lifting her brow, she drinks innocently. 
She offers a smile. 
He lifts his wine glass. 
Now lying back on the bed beside SOMEONE, SOMEONE exhales smoke. 
SOMEONE releases a stream of it as well. 
Furrowing his brow, he gives her a baffled look. 
Later in the car with SOMEONE and SOMEONE. 
She looks away. 
He hands her the case. 
She eyes his photo. 
He turns away thoughtfully. 
He hits a button on his steering wheel. 
He closes his eyes, then gazes at SOMEONE. 
As SOMEONE gazes off, his eyes forlorn, SOMEONE listens intently. 
He shifts his gaze to the stereo's display panel. 
SOMEONE scrutinizes him. 
He locks eyes with her. 
She glances away, then shoots him a contemplative look. 
Now at SOMEONE's apartment, SOMEONE kisses her neck as she takes off his belt. 
He picks her up with her knees straddling his waist. 
He sets her down. 
She kisses him passionately. Now at SOMEONE's front door. 
SOMEONE tentatively leans in for a kiss. 
She meets his lips with hers. As they separate, SOMEONE grins. 
The door opens. 
Watching him, SOMEONE grins. 
Duke slams the door. Outside SOMEONE's 
Smiling, she gazes at him hungrily, then gives him a passionate kiss. 
With a cool look, she opens the door. 
She flashes a smile, then closes it. 
SOMEONE turns away. 
Inside, SOMEONE places a red X beside another on a monthly calendar. Morning. 
Our view drifts toward downtown Los Angeles where pale, pink light lines the horizon. 
In her apartment, 
SOMEONE stretches her arm across the bed as she awakes. 
Finding the spot beside her vacant, she sits up. 
Shirtless, SOMEONE enters the room. 
He offers a glass of orange juice. 
He takes her glass. 
She forks up a bite. 
He hands her the glass. 
Averting her gaze, she takes a sip, then returns the drink. 
He spots a framed photo with SOMEONE in it. 
He crawls onto the bed. 
He kisses her, then lowers himself on top of her. 
Now, at his loft apartment, 
SOMEONE pads into the kitchen wearing only pajama pants. 
SOMEONE receives a text message. 
She reads. 
SOMEONE arrives 
with SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE frowns. 
Now SOMEONE joins his friends at the bar. 
She settles into bed. 
He does the same, but they both lie awake. 
SOMEONE plays a video game with Duke. Later, he shows a photo. 
Turning, SOMEONE finds SOMEONE in his underwear. 
Ron Artest approaches. 
He turns and slaps each of his reluctant friends' hands. Behind him, SOMEONE Leslie and three more NBA players approach. 
He turns. 
SOMEONE turns back to his friends, leaning his hands on his knees. 
SOMEONE tries to grab the ball out of Ron's hands. He hangs on it, pulling with his full weight, then falls to the floor. 
He points to SOMEONE. 
Now at a luncheon at a JW Marriott banquet room. 
As she goes to the podium, SOMEONE brings out a tray of salads. His jaw drops. As he turns to leave, he knocks over another server. SOMEONE sees him. 
SOMEONE enters his mother's house. 
Wide-eyed, SOMEONE looks around. 
SOMEONE's mom glares over her wine glass, taking a long sip. SOMEONE notices a picture of SOMEONE as a boy. 
Frowning, his mom leaves. 
At a wall of photos, 
SOMEONE peeks into a room decorated with trophies and posters. 
SOMEONE shifts her wide-eyed gaze. 
Now SOMEONE reads a chapter titled, Mama's Boys. Snippets read, Excessively attached to their mother's. He doesn't want to grow up. They just can't compete. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE sit in his car. 
Now she leads the way into her apartment. 
As SOMEONE steps down the hall, SOMEONE flips through her collection of record albums. 
He flips a record between his hands, sets it on the player, and gently drops the needle. 
Stepping back, 
SOMEONE takes breath spray from his pocket and squirts some into his mouth. 
He gets out two condoms and looks at their different wrappings, 
stuffing a gold one back in his pocket, 
unbuttons his shirt and peels off his jacket. 
SOMEONE returns with a tray. 
Now at the loft, SOMEONE rubs his fingers in between his toes, smells them, then wipes them on the arm of his leather chair. 
He takes two beers. 
With SOMEONE. 
They see SOMEONE. 
As he strides off, Sonia laughs. 
With SOMEONE and SOMEONE. 
The guys head out of the gym. 
She takes SOMEONE's wine glass. 
Inside, the guys toast with shots. 
She playfully waves a bite in front of his mouth. 
He finds SOMEONE Harvey's book. 
SOMEONE makes a call. 
SOMEONE enters. 
SOMEONE starts toward him, and SOMEONE quickly leaves. 
SOMEONE's eyes dart searchingly. 
SOMEONE sits beside SOMEONE on a modern sofa. 
SOMEONE comes down the stairs. 
SOMEONE sips some milk. 
SOMEONE spits out his water. 
Now SOMEONE opens the loft door for SOMEONE. 
With a little pout, she enters. 
Gazing around the expansive modern space, she mouths, Whoa. 
Wide-eyed, SOMEONE watches him pour a glass. 
He steps close, offering a glass. 
SOMEONE side-steps away from him. 
SOMEONE stifles a smile. 
He moves closer. She toasts bluntly, then takes another side-step. 
Finishing her sip of wine, SOMEONE closes her eyes ecstatically. 
Before an impressive view of the city, an elegantly set table for two sits surrounded by candlelight. 
Keeping his gaze on here, SOMEONE gives a soft nod. 
The couple approaches the table and a nearby service cart. 
As SOMEONE wraps his arms around SOMEONE from behind, 
SOMEONE arrives bearing a covered tray. 
He fumbles the trays lid. 
As SOMEONE leaves the couple, he shoves one of the hors d'oeuvres into his mouth. 
As they hold each other close, they gaze out at the city rooftops. 
Tucking her hair behind her ear, she gives him a little shrug. 
She closes her eyes for a moment, 
then faces SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE tosses away the rest of her hors d'oeuvre 
and wraps her arms around SOMEONE. 
Now SOMEONE sits alone in his parked car. 
Sitting on the closed toilet, SOMEONE consults SOMEONE Harvey's book. 
Now SOMEONE answers her door. 
Later, spotlights at L.A. Live shine into the sky as SOMEONE and SOMEONE stroll a bustling walkway. 
The couple looks expectantly at SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE eyes her. 
SOMEONE glances at Xavier. 
He meets her surprised gaze. 
Now SOMEONE and SOMEONE make out in his car. 
Just as her granny panties come into view, she jumps back. 
She covers herself up. 
She kisses him. 
She hurries out of the car. 
SOMEONE eyes SOMEONE's phone. 
SOMEONE pulls out of the driveway. 
SOMEONE hits his car's remote, then leaves SOMEONE's side. 
He opens her door. 
SOMEONE stands at a street. 
SOMEONE helps Duke ride a bike. 
Later, SOMEONE and SOMEONE lie on the floor beside her bed, surrounded by rose petals. 
He kisses her, then runs his tongue along her knee. 
Reaching for a dish with raspberries and chocolate cake, 
he grabs some of the dessert and feeds it to her. 
Now SOMEONE enters his living room, framed by one of SOMEONE's bare, bent legs. 
He pauses and shakes his head. 
He sits beside her. 
They kiss. 
She nuzzles his nose with hers. 
SOMEONE opens his eyes. 
SOMEONE eyes him skeptically. 
With a disappointed look, she gets up. 
Now SOMEONE kisses SOMEONE outside the Ritz. 
A battered sedan pulls up. 
SOMEONE eyes the beat up silver car, with its missing front bumper, and exposed radiator as it peels out. 
A woman waiting in the valet area shoots SOMEONE a dubious look. The successful business woman meets her gaze with a challenging expression. 
A sleek black Porsche pulls into the valet area. SOMEONE's lips part in a lustful look as her eyes trail after the arriving car. 
In slow motion, a valet heads over. 
A gentle breeze lifts SOMEONE's hair as she watches a tall, handsome man exit the Porsche. 
Sliding on a suit jacket he turns and looks at SOMEONE. 
She stares, her jaw slack. 
He hugs her. 
She heads off. 
She climbs into her silver Mercedes. Now SOMEONE and SOMEONE watch The Jefferson's. 
She wraps her arms around his neck and kisses him. 
Grinning, he retreats. SOMEONE leans against SOMEONE. 
She turns off the TV. 
Now at the Santa SOMEONE SOMEONE, SOMEONE stifles a smile as she strolls with SOMEONE. 
She breaks into a grin. 
As she embraces her, a horrified look crosses his face. 
Pulling away, SOMEONE gazes into his eyes. 
Later, in his bedroom, SOMEONE strips off SOMEONE's vest. 
Kissing her, he backs her up against a dresser and knocks over a lamp. 
He gazes up at her as she slides her silky tank top over her head, 
then lowers herself over him. 
On the wall behind her, a framed painting shows a boxer with both gloves raised triumphantly in the air. 
SOMEONE lies asleep in SOMEONE's bed. 
Waking up, she finds a note in the vacant spot beside her. 
With a dejected look, she opens it and reads, SOMEONE, ran out for breakfast. Be right back. SOMEONE. 
She shifts her thoughtful eyes, then gives a pleased look. 
Sitting up, she scoots to the edge of the bed. 
She opens a drawer in a bedside table. 
Finding a photo of SOMEONE as a boy, dressed in a football uniform and posing on one knee, she picks it up. 
Returning it, she slides the drawer open farther. 
She finds a copy of SOMEONE Harvey's book. 
She opens it to a bookmarked chapter with its heading circled: The 90-Day Rule. 
Later, she sits on the steps with the book. 
SOMEONE enters, clutching a bag in his mouth. 
He holds a box in one hand and a drink carrier in the other. 
He sets the food down. 
His smile fades as he sees the book in her hand. 
SOMEONE opens his mouth as if to speak. 
She pushes him away. 
Now SOMEONE's caller ID flashes, Work. 
She heads outside where SOMEONE and Duke play basketball. 
SOMEONE's lips stutter. 
SOMEONE glances away. 
He gives an injured look. 
She hands him his keys and phone and he heads off. 
Later, SOMEONE joins SOMEONE in an upscale restaurant. 
He hugs her. 
She opens her mouth. 
With a wry grin, he shakes his head and stands. 
Placing a hand on her shoulder, 
he kisses the top of her head, then leaves. 
She gazes after him. 
Now SOMEONE enters his apartment. 
He sees his posters and action figures sitting on the couch and coffee table along with a copy of SOMEONE Harvey's book. 
A sticky note on it reads, Found this with your stuff. 
Boys shack, men build homes. I'm out, K. 
Between its pages, he finds a printout of his unsubmitted résumé where the words, Blah, blah, blah, filled the blurb for the professional development section. 
Dropping the book on the coffee table,  
he plops down on the couch. SOMEONE, SOMEONE, SOMEONE, SOMEONE and SOMEONE drink at the bar. 
Daytime. At Candace's, Duke sits on the stoop with a basketball and gazes off with forlorn eyes. 
SOMEONE spots him from the doorway. 
Meanwhile, SOMEONE pushes a plate of half-eaten food away and rests his head on his hand. 
His mother looks on from the kitchen. 
As SOMEONE works at a valet station, a silver Mercedes, like SOMEONE's, pulls up. 
He uncomfortably averts his eyes, then opens the driver's side door and a businessman climbs out. 
Later, SOMEONE gazes at a framed photo of himself and SOMEONE dressed as blue Na'vi from Avatar. 
He sets it face down on a table. 
At an open house, SOMEONE stares off sadly. 
The pregnant couple enters. 
She flashes a tight smile, which fades to a glum look. 
Following the bartender's gaze, SOMEONE sees a woman at the end of the bar. She offers him a smile. 
Now at her apartment, SOMEONE rips down her monthly calendar, which shows almost three weeks filled with red Xs. 
Later, SOMEONE strolls down a street, stopping as he notices a for sale sign on a food truck's windshield. 
Now, in a dress shirt and slacks, SOMEONE joins his friends at the bar. 
He stares at his phone. 
He turns to SOMEONE. 
As they clink their shots, SOMEONE stares off with wistful eyes. He shakes his head. The others drink. 
He downs his drink. 
Entering the bathroom, SOMEONE checks the stalls as he makes a phone call. 
In a kitchen, a full-figured woman answers the phone. 
Lowering the phone, he glances around. 
He hangs up. 
He looks skyward. 
He claps a hand on SOMEONE's back. 
SOMEONE stares after the departing guy, who wears a pageboy cap. 
He checks the back of his shirt in a mirror. 
He glances at the vacated stall. 
Now SOMEONE returns to his friends' booth. 
A woman passes behind him. 
SOMEONE enters his mother's house, catching her in her robe as she heads upstairs with a mug in each hand. 
Frowning, she looks away. 
SOMEONE watches her resolutely. 
He gives a confused look. 
He extends a bath-brush. 
Now at the open house. 
The pregnant couple. 
She leads him into the backyard. 
The couple listens in. 
SOMEONE gazes at SOMEONE. 
He drops to one knee. 
Gina and the wife gawk. The husband smiles. SOMEONE opens and holds out a jewelry box. 
SOMEONE blinks back tears. 
He frowns and SOMEONE stifles a smile. 
Taking the ring from its box, he slides it onto SOMEONE's finger. 
As she gazes at it, 
a tear trickles down her cheek. 
SOMEONE lifts his glistening eyes to hers. 
Shrugging her brow, she smirks. 
He eyes her questioningly. 
The three of them watch as the engaged couple kisses. 
Now Sonia and SOMEONE enter the cafe during another open mic event. 
Sonia sees SOMEONE taking the stage. 
SOMEONE looks over. 
She tears up. 
SOMEONE plays guitar. 
As he glances at SOMEONE, some patrons follow his gaze. 
SOMEONE follows her outside. 
He gives a resigned look. 
He gives a desperate look. 
He locks his eyes on hers. 
He blinks earnestly. 
As she gazes at him, 
her eyes filled with tears. SOMEONE steps forward and kisses her. 
She wraps an arm around his neck. 
Now at her family reunion, SOMEONE sits at a picnic table with three women. 
As she eats, SOMEONE stares off with a distant look. 
Duke drags SOMEONE over by the hand. 
He waves at the table. 
SOMEONE gives the crowd a bashful smile. Duke claps enthusiastically. 
SOMEONE lifts his brow at SOMEONE. 
She considers him. 
They kiss. 
Later, at her apartment, SOMEONE does her makeup. 
SOMEONE's eyes widen. 
Now at dinner, a waiter serves her and James champagne. 
SOMEONE glances away with thoughtful eyes. 
Shifting her gaze back to James, she shakes her head. 
She closes her eyes. 
Stepping out of one, SOMEONE brings a tray to his friends and their significant others. 
He beams at the applauding group, then hands out food. 
Duke sits with SOMEONE and SOMEONE. 
She nudges the customer aside. 
He shakes his head at her. 
He looks away. 
She gives a pleading look. 
Shaking out a bag, SOMEONE ignores her. She trudges away and the customer steps up. 
Entering the truck SOMEONE gives a determined look. 
He stares slack-jawed. She gestures at his staff. 
His two assistants leave. 
He hefty customer stares with wide eyes. 
Considering her, he shakes his head, then shrugs. 
She moves closer. 
Their lips rest mere inches apart. 
Nodding, he glances away with a smile. 
As he meets her gaze again, she leans in closer. 
He cups her face and kisses her. 
Their friends watch through one of the truck's windows. 
Now credits appear with scenes of the pickup game with the NBA players. 
Directed by SOMEONE Story 
SOMEONE gazes up at SOMEONE Leslie. 
Now Leslie checks the ball to SOMEONE who raises an arm in a signal to his team. 
SOMEONE sets a pick and SOMEONE dribbles around him. As he shoots, Ron Artest smacks the ball away. Later, Leslie spins past SOMEONE and makes a shot. 
Leslie keeps her hand up as he fakes repeatedly. 
He goes up and she slaps the ball away. 
Now SOMEONE smacks Leslie's legs as she looks to pass. Artest receives the ball, then elbows SOMEONEt into a padded wall. SOMEONE throws the ball at Artest. 
Now Shannon Brown dunks the ball. 
As he hangs from the hoop, his legs knock against SOMEONE who stands under the basket. 
SOMEONE steps toward him, blustering. SOMEONE leads him away. 
SOMEONE alley-oops to Butler who hangs from the hoop by one hand. 
High-fiving, the pros find SOMEONE amid their huddle. 
Butler tosses the ball down the court as he leaves with the others. 
His friends give annoyed looks. 
Heading toward glass doors onto the helipad, the rugged brother spots SOMEONE's reflection. He turns and shoots into the air. 
Using the captured guard as a shield, SOMEONE advances. 
As enemy fire, takes his captive out, SOMEONE dives behind the fallen body and shoots. 
SOMEONE hands one off as he raise his pass. 
He slides on his knees into a guard, knocking him over. 
SOMEONE shoots three guards as he runs to the helipad. At the chopper, SOMEONE passes his brother a backpack. Leaping in from the opposite side, SOMEONE swings from the door and kicks SOMEONE back. The briefcase of money opens as it hits the ground. The rugged brother slams Tucks against the chopper. But SOMEONE blocks his strikes and punches him in the face. As SOMEONE throws SOMEONE down, the older brother kicks him. 
SOMEONE catches himself on the roof's edge as he tumbles off. 
SOMEONE, his older brother hands him a gun then leaps off the building. A parachute releases from his backpack. Leaping onto the helipad, SOMEONE shoots a bald guard. 
SOMEONE aims the gun at SOMEONE. A dark-haired guard attacks SOMEONE who blocks him then knees him. Winding up, he punches the guy out. 
He grabs SOMEONE who drops the case with the device over the roof. SOMEONE catches it. SOMEONE snatches SOMEONE's backpack. SOMEONE grabs SOMEONE's sleeve for balance but it rips and he plummets off the roof. 
Drifting to the ground, the older brother watches SOMEONE crash into a car on the street below. 
The vehicle careens into another car. 
As SOMEONE climbs back onto the helipad, SOMEONE stares down at the destruction. 
The surviving Heinrich brother lands safely and slides his parachute off his back. 
He glances up at the skyscraper then moves to SOMEONE's body which lies sprawled on the car's crushed roof. The rugged Heinrich finds the patch of fabric torn from SOMEONE's suit, still in his brother's clinched hand. 
He takes it then lifts his gaze to the helipad. 
An aerial view shows him moving away from the crash as bystander’s crowd closer. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE watch from the helipad. 
Hundred dollar bills flutter all around them. 
An all caps title appears, word by word filling the screen. THIS MEANS WAR. The word war is in red. Now a blonde with pixie-like features fires a blowtorch at frying pans. A location types out, Smart Consumer, Inc. Los Angeles. 
She inspects the pans. 
They leave the testing room. 
Her smile fades as her assistant heads off. 
Now a location types out, CIA Field Office. 
Standing on a mezzanine, overlooking an atrium, their boss jerks her thumb. 
Later in her office. 
Later a desks facing each other, SOMEONE watches his gun spin as he reclines with his feet up while SOMEONE sits face down at his desk. 
Drumming a pen at each hand. 
Now in workout clothes, SOMEONE listens to headphones as she walks down a sidewalk. 
A bicycling couple stops in front of her. 
She spots SOMEONE's ring. 
She watches them kiss. 
SOMEONE lovingly eyes SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE heads away. 
Later, she enters a sushi restaurant. The chefs behind the bar cheer. 
She gives a dispirited look then heads over. 
One of the chef hands her a warm towel as she sits. 
She drops her face in the towel. 
Ken grins at the new arrivals. 
Lifting her face from the towel, SOMEONE sees SOMEONE and SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE glares. Now she shops with her friend. 
She nudges SOMEONE's butt. 
Her blonde friend narrows an eye at her. Now SOMEONE and SOMEONE attend an elegant lawn party. 
He tries some cake. 
An older gentleman kisses her. 
As he leads her off, SOMEONE gazes at his grandparents. 
The elderly couple dances on the lawn. A boy with a bucket over his head spins in circles. 
He falls over. SOMEONE gazes at the dancing couple. 
SOMEONE gawks at his friend. Later a woman in a bikini swims the breaststroke in a glass bottom pool, which serves as a foyer ceiling. 
Entering his bachelor pad, SOMEONE lifts his gaze to the swimmer. 
He removes his sunglasses and stares. Sliding off his jacket, he smirks. 
Now at a Karate Dojo. 
Two boys face each other. 
A burly father watches his son square off with SOMEONE's smaller one. 
SOMEONE punches SOMEONE face. 
SOMEONE gives his son two thumbs up. 
SOMEONE trudges over and sits. 
SOMEONE's dad smacks his rear. As SOMEONE faces him, the aggressive father stares into his eyes. 
Smirking, he slaps SOMEONE's face then leaves. SOMEONE stares after him. SOMEONE shoulders his bag and heads off. 
As they exit the dojo together, an SUV pulls up and a pretty brunette waves from the driver seat. 
SOMEONE climbs in back. 
SOMEONE closes the door behind him. 
He steps away from the SUV. 
His ex drives off. 
Now at his bachelor pad, SOMEONE wears a robe, boxers, and slippers. 
Turning on a flat screen TV, he sits on a couch with a bowl of cereal. 
Meanwhile, the same program plays on SOMEONE's swanky loft as he spars with a beefy opponent. 
Bending his opponent over, SOMEONE eyes the TV ad. 
SOMEONE watches with the bored look. SOMEONE holds his opponent in a choke hold. 
His opponent flips him to a mat. 
SOMEONE shakes his head as the ad shows an embracing couple. 
The burly man picks SOMEONE up. 
He throws him down again. 
With SOMEONE. 
Now at Smart Consumer, a receptionist peeks over her computer monitor. 
SOMEONE notices her whispering colleagues. 
Crossing the office, he glances over her outfit. 
Looking back, she heads across the testing area. 
SOMEONE steps around her computer and finds in itsfate.net profile with her picture and the headline, Come and Get It Boys. 
At a Gymboree Play Center, SOMEONE's friend answers her cellphone. 
SOMEONE finds SOMEONE's profile. 
Now at bustling pub - The Blarney Stone, SOMEONE finds SOMEONE sitting at a table outside. 
He takes off his sunglasses and she does the same. 
They sit across from each other. 
A movie plays on a TV at a video store. SOMEONE takes an escalator down to a lower floor, observing a variety of single women. 
He smiles at a dark-haired woman strolling by. 
He checks out a short-haired woman then takes out his cellphone and reads a text message. 
SOMEONE nods emphatically. 
Later at the video store, SOMEONE smiles to herself as she takes the escalator downstairs. 
Now, SOMEONE and SOMEONE grab the same movie. 
He smiles. 
She struts pass him and he follows. Later. 
She heads off with another movie. 
SOMEONE watches her go then shakes his head and leaves as well. 
Now at the field office with the tech. 
The tech scrolls through customer profiles. 
SOMEONE points. 
They view a DMV cross-reference and a tax return. 
SOMEONE sits near the back. 
He approaches her. 
She rolls her eyes and he walks off with a grin. 
Now an aerial view, roves pass downtown Los Angeles. 
At the CIA Field Office, SOMEONE and SOMEONE work at their opposing desks. 
Each man turns his laptop to reveal a photo of the same woman. 
SOMEONE shuts his laptop. SOMEONE does the same. Then resumes work at his desktop computer. 
Now a satellite view zooms out from the CIA Field Office locates London, England and zooms in on Saville Row. 
In the dimly lit backroom of a tailor shop, a tailor lays out a work in progress over a table then stands upright and finds Heinrich facing him. 
Cut to black. 
At SOMEONE's pad. 
SOMEONE carries a huge stuffed pig, SOMEONE notices her taking hold of his hand. 
In a darkened corridor. 
SOMEONE covers SOMEONE's eyes. 
He reveals a trapeze structure adorned with lights in the middle of a circus ring. 
He takes her hand. 
As SOMEONE swings, SOMEONE stands on a platform. 
He swings under a domed ceiling. 
SOMEONE grabs hold of her trapeze. 
She jumps from the platform and swings out over the net. 
Hanging on by their legs, they grab each other's wrists. SOMEONE lets go and swings with SOMEONE. 
He lets her fall and she lands on the net, bouncing high into the air. 
He lets himself fall and bounce as well. Then they roll into the middle and lie side by side. 
As SOMEONE lies on his back, SOMEONE kisses him. 
He wraps his arms around her and draws her near. 
We glimpse the couple from across the ring as they embrace, surrounded by the several strands of lights adorning the trapeze structure. 
At home by a fireplace, SOMEONE kisses a half-naked man lying on his back near an open bottle of red wine. She smacks him. 
Now at work, SOMEONE sits alone at his desk. 
As his colleagues move on, SOMEONE shifts his gaze. Now with the tech. 
He steps aside with his hands in his pockets. 
A satellite view zooms in on a street, tracking an Audi convertible which loops around and parks outside a busy nightclub. 
SOMEONE hops out of the sports car and joins SOMEONE who stands in a long line to get in. 
He leads her to the entrance. 
SOMEONE shakes hands with the bouncer on the way in. 
He chats with the coat check girl. 
To a bartender. 
They enter a VIP section. 
A bartender hands him a bottle of wine. 
SOMEONE turns to find SOMEONE missing from her chair. He peers across the dance floor then heads after her. Outside, as SOMEONE crosses the street, SOMEONE catches up. 
She spots SOMEONE and SOMEONE. 
She grabs SOMEONE as he walks away. 
She pulls him into a passionate kiss as the happy couple arrives. 
SOMEONE glares at her. 
She glances at SOMEONE. He finally turns to SOMEONE and offers his hand. 
She smacks him playfully. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE watch them kiss again. 
Later at Pizzeria. 
He smiles. 
He taps his temple and she brightens. 
An aerial view shows the city at dawn. At the field office. 
SOMEONE strolls cheerfully through a bullpen. 
Turning, he finds a bald agent grinning at him. 
SOMEONE's smile fades to a comprehending scowl. 
He marches into the work area he shares with SOMEONE and finds him sitting casually at his desk. 
He drops the file in front of SOMEONE. It contains a photo of the blunt-featured SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE sits at his own desk. 
SOMEONE gestures bashfully. 
SOMEONE looks up from a file. 
Now they hold separate briefings. 
Now in a stylish home, SOMEONE dances in a kitchen as she makes microwave popcorn. 
A window behind her shows SOMEONE lowering to the ground on a cable. 
Wearing shorts, a big comfy shirt, and a ponytail, she struts into the living room and turns on a flat screen TV. 
Behind her, SOMEONE creeps in and ducks behind a couch. 
SOMEONE returns to the kitchen obliviously. 
Getting to his feet, SOMEONE peers at her bookshelf and notices models of vintage sports cars. 
In the kitchen, she swivels her hips as she wipes out her popcorn bowl. As she leaves the kitchen, he darts out. 
She passes stairs, steps through a doorway, and shuts it behind her. SOMEONE darts down the stairs. 
He glides over to a lamp and sticks a tiny device under the shade's cross-beamed frame. 
Noticing a framed poster for a Gustav Klimt Exhibit, he studies it closely. 
SOMEONE ducks around a doorway and hides as SOMEONE comes out and eyes an open laptop. 
SOMEONE notices a website for a pet shelter on her browser. 
SOMEONE waves her hands in the air as she dances to her microwave. 
SOMEONE ducks behind the kitchen island then darts around a corner as she takes out her popcorn. 
Behind her, SOMEONE dashes off outside. 
Now at his desk, SOMEONE throws a crumpled paper ball at a waste basket and misses. 
A paper ball flying from another direction goes in. 
SOMEONE faces SOMEONE who blows on his fingers like a gun barrel and flashes a cocky smile. 
SOMEONE tries again and his paper ball goes in. 
Their feet on their desks, they take turns throwing. 
Now a marquee reads, The Penthouse - Beautiful Girls Nightly. 
As a bouncer moves aside, SOMEONE faces his partner. 
He sniffs SOMEONE. 
Leaning on SOMEONE, SOMEONE staggers drunkenly into a backroom where men play cards. 
SOMEONE glares at him. 
SOMEONE stands revealing his powerful build. 
SOMEONE's poker buddies draw guns and fires as he flees. 
Dropping to the floor, the agent shoot their assailants. 
As he runs through a doorway, a bald man tosses SOMEONE a shotgun then attacks SOMEONE. 
The agent fights back, wrapping a payphone cord around his neck. 
SOMEONE drops to the floor as SOMEONE shoots. The blast misses him and SOMEONE flees. SOMEONE and SOMEONE give chase, dropping the bald man. 
Reaching the main floor, SOMEONE trips then draws an ankle pistol and aims. 
SOMEONE forces a patron down and SOMEONE shot misses again. SOMEONE dashes over the bar then somersaults across the table. As SOMEONE reaches the dancer stage, SOMEONE knocks him down and falls away. 
Arriving, SOMEONE disarms SOMEONE and slams him against the pole. SOMEONE charges but SOMEONE kicks him away. SOMEONE forces SOMEONE down and SOMEONE punches him. 
While his partner straps SOMEONE's neck and cuffs him to the pole, SOMEONE holds him at gun point. 
Later, they haul SOMEONE into the field office. 
I'm not saying anything. 
SOMEONE eyes his cell. It reads, Boyles - urgent check in. 
SOMEONE gets a text from SOMEONE reading, mission alert. 
Now at SOMEONE's house. 
She shows the photo of SOMEONE. 
As SOMEONE spies on the women from a surveillance truck, SOMEONE burst in on him. 
Both men listen worriedly. 
SOMEONE faces his cackling friend. 
His smile vanishes. 
The men meet separately with their team leaders. 
SOMEONE rides in the Camaro with her. 
A spy drone flies into view behind them. Tilting his side mirror, SOMEONE spots it. 
From a surveillance room, SOMEONE watches footage from its camera. SOMEONE sticks up his middle finger. 
Behind his back, he discreetly draws a gun then makes a show of resting his hand behind SOMEONE's seat back. 
He shoots the drone, destroying it. 
SOMEONE raises both hands, SOMEONE grabs the wheel. The briefings continue. 
Now SOMEONE takes SOMEONE to an enormous art vault. 
In an alcove, several paintings by Klimt stand propped against crates. 
At a remote location, SOMEONE speaks into a headset. 
SOMEONE frowns. 
With SOMEONE, SOMEONE giggles mischievously. 
Elsewhere, SOMEONE laughs. 
He takes her to a draped painting. 
He unveils it, revealing Klimt's romantic masterpiece, The Kiss. 
It depicts a man kissing a woman's face. 
She takes SOMEONE's arm as she gazes wistfully at the stylized yet tender image. 
The agent's expression softens affectionately and he faces the painting. 
They share a smile. Later, a phone call. 
In surveillance. 
SOMEONE brings up a video feed from SOMEONE's house. 
SOMEONE's smile fades. 
Now he takes SOMEONE to a dog shelter. 
He high fives a boy. 
She faces a tiny mutt's cage. 
SOMEONE starts to open it. 
As SOMEONE moves on to the terrier's cage, the tiny mutt springs out and attacks SOMEONE. 
The terrier jumps up and down in front of SOMEONE. With great effort, SOMEONE wrestles the mutt into submission. 
Turning, SOMEONE smiles fondly at them. 
He puts the dog back in its cage. 
SOMEONE brushes more hair off his shirt. 
Later, SOMEONE spies on SOMEONE and SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE frowns. Now at a paintball park. 
SOMEONE sweeps curtains of netting apart revealing men and boys on a paintball field. 
He swings out from a rail, kicking a man down. 
He disarms another. 
Crouching on a deck, he shoots the players hiding beneath then beacons SOMEONE with the wave. 
She fumbles with goggles. 
Now they peek out from behind a partition. 
SOMEONE whips around and shoots players surrounding him. He hits two in their helmets. 
In a bunker. 
SOMEONE drops onto the roof and throws in a canister. 
He swings away, leaving the kids staring from the bunker windows. Blue paint sprays out from inside. SOMEONE leaps from post to post up to a tower with a flag. 
He yanks a man from the tower, grabs the flag and proudly shows it to SOMEONE. 
He nimbly climbs down to her. 
Her gun shoots him in the crouch. 
He straightens his face flushed. 
At the gymboree. 
SOMEONE shakes his hand. 
SOMEONE checks his watch. 
Later, with Agent SOMEONE. 
Now candles filled SOMEONE's loft. 
As they kiss, a monitor in the CIA surveillance room shows their glowing heat signature. SOMEONE scowls. 
A tech wearing glasses stands behind him. 
SOMEONE presses a remote. 
In the loft, the overhead fires sprinklers go off, extinguishing the candles and drenching SOMEONE and SOMEONE. SOMEONE smirks. 
On another day, SOMEONE walks with Agent SOMEONE. 
At SOMEONE's pad. 
An old dog wheezes on his couch as they stop and kiss. SOMEONE pulls away. 
She exists. SOMEONE watches her go then excitedly grabs a wine bottle and two glasses and hurries over to the coffee table. 
He sets them down then presses the remote. 
He quickly lights a candle then almost sits down on his new pet. 
He shoos the dog off the couch. 
He pulls a dart from his neck. Looking out the window, he sees SOMEONE on the next roof. 
Holding a tranquilizer rifle, his partner communicates with him using military hand signals then disappears. SOMEONE's knees slowly buckle and he collapses to the couch. 
As he falls unconscious, SOMEONE returns. 
The next day, SOMEONE and SOMEONE stand in an elevator. 
As they both try to exit at the same time, they get log-jammed. 
They enter an interrogation room. 
He brandish his pliers. 
Sitting handcuffed in a chair, SOMEONE chuckles. 
SOMEONE glares at SOMEONE 
who turns to their prisoner. 
Sooner or later he'll be coming for you. 
He glowers at SOMEONE's poker face. 
He turns his harsh eyes on SOMEONE who gives a cool smirk. 
Now a satellite view zooms out from the CIA Field Office rapidly relocates the Los Angeles harbor and zooms in. At a dock, a henchman clasps hands with Heinrich and helps him disembark off a fishing boat. 
I'm sorry about SOMEONE. 
They get in one of two black Chevy Suburban’s waiting at a curb. 
As the cars pull out, the picture fades to black. 
Now SOMEONE brings SOMEONE to his grandparents' estate. 
His little nephew spins around with a bucket on his head then collapses. 
She pulls SOMEONE away. 
Left behind with a pie in his hand, SOMEONE lets out a sigh. 
Nana walks SOMEONE out to a stable where photographs clutter a wall. 
At a family dinner. 
SOMEONE raises her glass of white wine. 
Everyone toasts. 
That night, SOMEONE walks SOMEONE to her house. 
They both glance away shyly then look each other in the eyes. 
SOMEONE chuckles nervously. 
The two surveillance teams watch from the CIA. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE burst into her house. Kissing hungrily as they remove their coats. They start tearing off each other's clothes. She straddles his thighs as he lifts her onto the kitchen island. He whips off his blue button down shirt. Agent SOMEONE watches the video feed. 
SOMEONE lifts SOMEONE's dress off over her head. She reclines with a sultry smile. 
Back at the CIA Field Office, SOMEONE's three colleagues crane their necks to watch. As SOMEONE and SOMEONE lie kissing on the kitchen island, the picture fades to black. 
The next morning, he lies asleep in her bed. 
Dressed for work, SOMEONE tiptoes out from her bathroom and gathers her things. 
He winces. SOMEONE makes a call as she heads out. 
At the CIA. 
Agent SOMEONE reluctantly takes it out of his breast pocket. 
Avoiding eye contact, SOMEONE nods tensely. 
He chucks the disk in the trash and storms off. Now SOMEONE watches Titanic. 
Standing at the prow of the ship, SOMEONE Winslet looks out over the water. SOMEONE smiles. 
He goes to an elevator door and answers it to reveal a sexy woman in a flight attendant's uniform. 
SOMEONE gives a shock gape then nods and smiles politely. 
The elevator doors slide shut. 
SOMEONE closes his eyes and lifts his brow then returns to the living room. 
Pausing in tracks. 
He looks back over his shoulder toward the elevator. 
The satellite view zooms out from the CIA Field Office. 
It shifts to James Monroe Elementary. SOMEONE comes out from the school. 
SOMEONE stands by smiling as SOMEONE gives his son a hug. 
SOMEONE monitors the conversation. 
At the Smart Consumer offices, SOMEONE sits before a toy fire truck. SOMEONE gives him a hammer and lets him smash it to pieces. 
Later, the three spray water at some test windows. 
They spray him. 
A water fight ensues between all three of them. 
Back in the surveillance room, SOMEONE paces as he monitors the scene. 
She waves from his truck. 
SOMEONE's ex comes out of her and watches him give SOMEONE a hug. 
SOMEONE smiles as he returns to his truck. 
Back in the surveillance room. 
On screen, a satellite zooms in on SOMEONE's vehicle as it pulls over to the side of the road. 
SOMEONE sits and watches SOMEONE and SOMEONE's heat signatures in the front seat. 
As SOMEONE pulls away, their noses graze and their lips linger an inch apart. 
They meet in a tender kiss. 
SOMEONE shuts his eyes and bows his head. 
Now the couple barges into SOMEONE's house locked in a passionate embrace. 
As SOMEONE lifts SOMEONE up onto a console table, he discreetly removes the bug from the lamp and throws it on the floor. 
As SOMEONE crashes it under his shoe, the surveillance team loses one of their angles. 
SOMEONE leans SOMEONE over a dining table and reaches into a center piece. 
SOMEONE throws down a pair of headphones. 
Now SOMEONE lays SOMEONE down on the couch. He kisses her neck. 
SOMEONE listens in. 
SOMEONE tenderly strokes his cheek. In the surveillance room. 
SOMEONE's head sinks and he covers his eyes. Daytime, at SOMEONE's house. 
She lifts her son onto her lap. 
Now SOMEONE and SOMEONE stand at their desks. 
As SOMEONE takes a clip from his gun, SOMEONE packs up his belongings in a file box. 
SOMEONE takes his cellphone from his pocket. 
Keeping his stare on SOMEONE, SOMEONE ends the call. 
SOMEONE shuts his laptop. Pockets his phone and grabs his jacket. 
As SOMEONE strides out of the room, SOMEONE stands motionless at his box of belongings. 
Later, SOMEONE enters the surveillance area with the box under his arm. 
He sets it down next to SOMEONE watching surveillance footage. 
SOMEONE glances back at the footage and stops. 
The camera zooms in from a wide view to a close up of the truck. 
SOMEONE's eyes narrow. 
They see a car parked behind the truck. 
The tech complies. A zoomed in image clarifies, revealing the shadowy face of the driver. 
SOMEONE rushes out of the room. 
SOMEONE approaches. 
She heads up some stairs. 
SOMEONE waves. Now SOMEONE is bare feet, move up and down. 
She rests from using her fitness ball. 
As SOMEONE nods and complies, SOMEONE gives him a slap on the cheek. 
SOMEONE faces SOMEONE then delivers a fast right hook. 
In a posh ladies room, SOMEONE controls her breath. 
In the chic restaurant, customers clear out as the two men brawl. SOMEONE sends SOMEONE rolling over a table then throws a knife into a leather chair by SOMEONE's head. 
She sees food on her gum line. 
SOMEONE stuns SOMEONE with a throat punch. 
SOMEONE wheels a coat rack like a quarterstaff. 
SOMEONE uses the pole to ram SOMEONE backward through a glass partition. 
She mops her cleavage. Now SOMEONE and SOMEONE scrap right over a balcony. They plummet 20 feet onto a table below. 
In the ladies room. 
Now bloody face then lying on glass shards, SOMEONE feebly throws a fork at SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE comes down the stairs. 
With disappointment in her eyes, SOMEONE turns away. 
As she clears out, the two battered man wilt. 
SOMEONE joins SOMEONE in her convertible bug. 
SOMEONE hands her a sippy cup. 
An SUV bumps them from behind. A second bumps them from the front. Trapping the car. Two men approach, one is Heinrich. 
Heinrich signals an accomplice. In the trashed restaurant, the guys stand up. 
Now they exit to the sidewalk. 
It's SOMEONE's cell calling. 
Three SUVs escort SOMEONE's VW. 
SOMEONE manipulates his handheld. 
SOMEONE flings the valet from the car. 
SOMEONE takes the mic. 
On the freeway, SOMEONE's convertible is escorted on three sides. The passenger side is unguarded. 
As the Jeep comes up fast on the VW's unguarded side, SOMEONE grips the roll bar and leans out. He leaps aboard the convertible and punches a thug in back, sending him tumbling. SOMEONE grabs SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE shoots the tire on SOMEONE's car which veers off the road and catches air over a decorative man-made lake. 
The huge splash blocks everything from view except a free flying license plate. 
The water calms. SOMEONE sits safely in the buoyant bobbing bug. 
On the road, a gunman in one SUV fires on the jeep which evades to the right. Heinrich fires from another SUV. A return shot from SOMEONE tags Heinrich's shoulder. His car halts and he scolds, Drive you idiot. His driver slumps dead. Heinrich shoves the body out and drives on. 
In a parking garage, two SUVs race their way. SOMEONE reverses as they advance head on. He beckons SOMEONE. 
The Jeep does a tight skidding 180, SOMEONE nearly falls out but SOMEONE pulls him back in. As one SUV gunman aims at them, SOMEONE pulls his trigger and pegs the guy. 
With a lug wrench, SOMEONE smashes the window of an enemy driver beside them. Hooks the stirring wheel and yanks. The SUV hits a column and explodes. Meanwhile, SOMEONE's son watches TV. 
Chased by another SUV, SOMEONE throws a gas jug from the Jeep. As it bounces under the pursuer's bumper, the agents shoot it and it explodes. The SUV gets thrown upside down. Seeing the road's end, SOMEONE breaks. The Jeep spins to a sidelong halt within inches of the sheer drop. 
SOMEONE sways outward precariously. 
Two traffic cones plunge to the highway below. 
SOMEONE looks from SOMEONE to SOMEONE. His gaze intense and thoughtful. 
He addresses SOMEONE. 
Heinrich's SUV speeds toward them. Standing on the road, SOMEONE and SOMEONE both fire at it. 
SOMEONE stands back by the Jeep, visible between the two agents. 
The agents kneel. As the SUV rounds closer, they fire. 
A deploying airbag wallops Heinrich's face and he careens into a mobile construction light. 
The blast sends the SUV rolling sideways toward the road's unfinished end. 
In slow motion, SOMEONE and SOMEONE each race to one side. They both beacon SOMEONE, urging her to clear out of the way. But the tumbling SUV bares down swiftly. 
Scene from the ground, the SUV and Jeep barrel over the edge and explode on impact. 
A bird's-eye-view shows the black smoke hiding the end of the unfinished roadway. 
The smoke thins and SOMEONE becomes visible, semi-reclined on the road. 
Opposite him, SOMEONE holds SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE's squints at them, stunned and knowing. 
SOMEONE tenderly caresses her hair and SOMEONE peers longingly at him. 
As SOMEONE looks on, they both turn their attention to him. 
He resiliently straightens his posture and gives a few curt nods of his head. 
All three notice the news chopper. Meanwhile, SOMEONE's son and ex-wife gawk at the TV. 
Later, a paramedic faces SOMEONE. 
Wrapped in a blanket, SOMEONE goes to SOMEONE who sits at the rear of an ambulance. He stands and they kiss each other's cheeks. 
He looks to his friend. 
SOMEONE gives him a warm smile. 
SOMEONE lowers his gaze and nods shyly. 
Heading off, he pauses and turns back to face his approaching friend. 
SOMEONE adjusts his wrist watch. 
SOMEONE regards his friend with a concerned frown. 
They hug. 
They part and SOMEONE heads off. 
Rejoining SOMEONE, SOMEONE wraps his arms around her. 
His lips meet hers in a smoldering kiss. 
They rock back and forth lingering in the embrace. 
Looking up at SOMEONE, SOMEONE shakes her head knowingly and smiles. 
As they enjoy another kiss, we drift up and away from the unfinished overpass and gaze out over the city. 
Now in the SOMEONE Arts Dojo, SOMEONE and SOMEONE face off again as both of their fathers look on. 
As SOMEONE charges, SOMEONE swings his leg over the bigger boy's arm and flips him to the mat. He runs proudly to SOMEONE. 
Leaning on SOMEONE, the man obeys with effort. 
SOMEONE pats his back. 
As SOMEONE steps away, SOMEONE shyly approaches his ex who waits for him in a doorway. 
She smiles and glances away. Her wide eyes glistening. 
He presents himself to her humbly. 
Leaning against the door frame, she steps forward and extends a hand. 
SOMEONE's brow lifts in a delighted smile, he shakes her hand. 
With a tearful smile, she gestures SOMEONE to follow her as she goes over to her son. 
In slow motion, the reunited family walks down a hallway together. 
SOMEONE lays a hand on SOMEONE's back, gently ushering her through a doorway. 
He follows with a hopeful gaze. Fade to black. 
Now a military grade helicopter flies out at a night time mission. 
Inside, SOMEONE answers his cell. 
In a sporty convertible. 
In the helicopter. 
They jump up and down, a hatch lowers. 
SOMEONE checks SOMEONE's chute. 
SOMEONE stares at him. 
Now, a title appears. 
Boston. Zacum Bridge at sunrise. 
In a residential neighborhood. Words appear, 5 Years Later. SOMEONE steps on to the porch of a modest three-story. 
Now, at a junk yard. SOMEONE buys a waist-high tire. 
Is guarding a grand entryway. Arched ironwork above reads "Park Zoo".  
Now, SOMEONE drives a golf cart with the tire in back. 
Habitat enclosure. SOMEONE lowers a drawbridge over a moat and walks over to it. 
He takes the monkey's hand. 
Who wears a patch over one eye. 
Worker dumps his bucket of lettuce over a waist-high wall and into the pit. 
He unlocks a door which opens at the pit's floor level. 
He rolls the tire into a barren habitat. A single shaft of sunlight shines down from the pit's high opening into the otherwise stark enclosure where a gorilla sits with its back to the door. SOMEONE hangs the tire from a rope on a tree. 
He Stands then stumbles back over. 
Later, in a lab, a willowy, SOMEONE. Long haired woman places an eagle in a cage. She sees SOMEONE standing at a dry erase board labeled Things to do. 
He writes, Fix SOMEONE's tree. 
A heart monitor shows a flat line. 
He opens a drawer and rifles through it. 
He gets his hand down the lioness’s throat. 
SOMEONE pulls out a crushed Red Bull can. 
That night, a banner hanging over a party over the zoo reads, Congratulations. 
His hand and pulls her into a tight embrace. Her eyes widen. 
He gives a serious look. SOMEONE smiles politely. 
In the icy stand behind him. Scanning the crowd, SOMEONE spots SOMEONE. In his perspective, she appears to pull away from the others around her. 
SOMEONE's lips twitch. 
Venom cringes while Frankie hits play on a boom box. 
SOMEONE strides over to SOMEONE. 
He catches SOMEONE eyeing SOMEONE. 
Meanwhile, by the giraffe's enclosure. 
He perks up. 
SOMEONE, the Monkey watches them chat. 
Holding the porcupine, SOMEONE turns away. He yanks the quill out. 
SOMEONE flinches. Smiling, she dabs his cheek. He stares at her with lovelorn eyes. She returns a tender look. SOMEONE, the Monkey watches. 
She gives a flirty smile. 
She leaves. As SOMEONE stares after her, Floyd shoots a quill into his forehead. SOMEONE chuckles. 
SOMEONE winces and grits his teeth. He pulls out the quill. 
A net swings from a horizontal arm at its top. The monkey leaps onto it, climbs down the pole and lands in SOMEONE's enclosure. 
SOMEONE creeps past a man-made waterfall. 
The panel on it. 
Swinging it open, he finds a power box inside and  
He flips a switch. A dog is licking himself. 
on just his hind legs, SOMEONE scurries down a path to a set of heavy iron double doors. He climbs up to the keyhole, glances around, then picks the lock. 
Tilts and the doors swing open. 
She stretches her neck into another enclosure where the rest of the animals gather at the base of a rock ledge. A lion steps out. 
He eyes. 
The next day, SOMEONE peers into SOMEONE's pit to find SOMEONE hanging a giant whiffle ball from the tree. 
He spins it. 
With a smile, SOMEONE heads away. 
SOMEONE keeps his back to him. 
Later, with the giraffe. 
SOMEONE gnaws on a carrot as he watches SOMEONE and SOMEONE walk away. The giraffe licks it and he spits it out. 
She walks away from him and looks at the monkey. 
SOMEONE gives a thumbs up. 
A wire basket drops from his hand. 
Flailing his arms. The giraffe looks on. 
He drops into the rock ledge and lands on his back. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE board the golf cart. SOMEONE peeks over the rock ledge and watches SOMEONE struggle to his feet. 
Lion steps away. 
His house and shuts the door. 
Through his window blinds. On TV 
Teenage witch listens to her talking cat. 
The next morning at the zoo, SOMEONE peeks into the lion enclosure and finds SOMEONE lying on his haunches. The zookeeper awkwardly steps out and faces the indifferent lion. Keeping his eyes on the animal, he walks backward out of view again. Now, three kids stand at the lion enclosure. SOMEONE sets down a wheelbarrow, glances around then cautiously approaches. He watches SOMEONE lounge on some rocks. The kids head off. 
SOMEONE stares at the indifferent lion. 
A couple passes by. 
The lion while SOMEONE sweeps the sidewalk behind them. He mouths to SOMEONE, What's up? 
Later, a security guard rides a cart. 
Exiting through a gate, he finds SOMEONE the Lion waiting for him. 
Feet and falls on his back. The lion sighs. 
SOMEONE lies unconscious under a few swaying elephant toys. 
SOMEONE licks his own armpit. 
In his pit, SOMEONE the Gorilla glances up. 
He turns away sadly. On another day, patrons walk around the zoo. SOMEONE enters the gorilla enclosure with a bucket and shuts the door behind him. 
SOMEONE sits with his back to him. 
The somber gorilla sniffs the air. 
SOMEONE gives no response. 
SOMEONE ambles off with a bucket still in hand. The gorilla shifts his gaze. 
SOMEONE brightens and glances over his shoulder. The gorilla rocks back and forth as the zookeeper sets the bucket down and exits. 
Now, a boy chucks popcorn at the bears from behind a fence. 
The boy lands in the enclosure. 
He notices the two brown bears eyeing him hungrily. 
He jumps out of his golf cart. He runs halfway up a staircase. 
Standing on their hind legs, the bears swap a look. 
He walks the boy through a door. 
SOMEONE shuts the door, makes sure no one's watching, then approaches the bears. 
He walks for them. 
SOMEONE lifts his hands. 
SOMEONE walks crotch first. 
SOMEONE notices the students watching him. SOMEONE stands among them. 
He briskly retreats. As the kids disperse, SOMEONE's concerned gaze lingers on her colleague. 
In SOMEONE's pit, SOMEONE slides over a bowl of popcorn for the approaching gorilla. 
Shane enters through the metal door. 
He squints at SOMEONE and SOMEONE. 
Shane glances around then points at the gorilla. 
He exits and slides the metal door shut. 
SOMEONE turns to leave. 
With the wolf. 
He pees on a pole. 
He faces the pole. 
SOMEONE shrugs. 
Crosses to a tree. 
The wolf crosses to a nearby fence, averting his gaze. 
People walk by behind the fence. 
The women quickly look away. 
SOMEONE zips up. 
The wolf lifts his paw. 
He limps around SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE turn their backs. SOMEONE looks at the wolf. 
He mouths the word sorry. 
Shampoos the wolf's coat. 
Now, a jazz trio performs at a fancy restaurant. SOMEONE finishes urinating on a potted plant adorned with mini lights. 
SOMEONE taps him. 
Joins SOMEONE at the bar. 
As a guy approaches from behind. 
SOMEONE heads off. 
SOMEONE turns back to SOMEONE. 
He furrows his brow as he considers. 
SOMEONE sulks off. 
Later, at the zoo. 
Sweeps past SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE looks from the giraffe to SOMEONE. 
He stands. 
He gives a desperate look. Now, SOMEONE pumps his legs as he pedals a recumbent tricycle up a hill. An orange flag waves. 
Semi’s trailer. 
Face plants on the cement. 
As she rides off, SOMEONE screeches to a halt. 
He pretends to shoot an arrow. 
SOMEONE gives him a baffled frown. SOMEONE mounts his bike then rides away throwing SOMEONE a final glance. Nighttime in the lion enclosure. 
SOMEONE's eyes narrow. 
SOMEONE turns away. 
SOMEONE nods at the lioness and heads off. Now, as SOMEONE eats her lunch, SOMEONE stands at her desk. 
Gorilla stops playing with his swinging ball and turns to find 
SOMEONE peering inside. 
He enters holding a two-tiered orange cake with lit candles. 
Watches with a disbelief. 
He starts to turn away. 
Nighttime. SOMEONE leads SOMEONE up a staircase which emerges by the mouth of the pit. 
They bump fists. 
SOMEONE heads to a van in a maintenance lot. SOMEONE follows, now wearing a yellow polo. 
Lights of downtown skyscrapers. SOMEONE points out the illuminated clock on the Custom House Tower. 
His head out his window and watches the city whizz past. 
SOMEONE bobs his head while SOMEONE holds his hand out. 
With the music, SOMEONE pushes his door. 
Grinning, the zookeeper climbs out. He hurries beside SOMEONE who gallops excitedly towards. 
Inside, a waitress approaches their booth. 
Eyes widen at SOMEONE. 
He eyes his polo. 
The waitress stares at SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE closes his menu. 
Frowning, the waitress leaves. 
Returns from his game of pool and finds SOMEONE slow dancing with a blonde secretary in his arms. 
She smiles dreamily and SOMEONE gives SOMEONE a thumbs up. The zookeeper smiles. 
The two friends lie side by side on the roof of the van and gaze up at the glowing full moon. 
His grin morphs into a frown and he furrows his brow. 
Morning. At the zoo, a frog leaps off a ledge. 
Puffs out his throat. 
He bows his head. 
At the reptile enclosure. 
SOMEONE sees an eyeball drawn on Frankie's eye patch. 
Venom steps a little closer to SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE glances down. 
The frowning zookeeper hesitates. 
He reaches into Venom's left pants pocket and digs around. SOMEONE shoots his colleague an uncomfortable smile. 
The zookeeper reaches into his right pocket. He pulls out the keys. 
Nodding along to the beat, he looks to an apartment building. 
A woman's shapely legs head down the front steps. 
He shifts his eyes pensively. 
Wedding reception. Acrobats twirl from long swathes of. 
Pictures of the bride and groom. 
SOMEONE some champagne. 
He spots SOMEONE with SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE holds out her open palm. 
SOMEONE puts his hand in hers. She places. 
Watches them move to the bar. 
As SOMEONE's eyes meet his, he quickly looks away. 
SOMEONE holds a microphone. 
To the DJ. SOMEONE briefly hides her face then dramatically gets up. 
SOMEONE mouths along to the lyrics as the couple starts dancing. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE square off from across the dancefloor. 
SOMEONE tries with SOMEONE. 
Return to their table. 
SOMEONE looks around the ballroom. SOMEONE slouches defeatedly. 
She moves off and waves her arms at the DJ on a balcony, then returns to her date. 
She takes SOMEONE's arm and leads him to the dancefloor. 
SOMEONE grabs two of the hanging silk drapes. 
And over one of his shoulders. 
Playful smile, she grabs her own pair of drapes. 
Then twirls in front of him trying. 
Get SOMEONE's gorgeous. 
He starts to sway a little. 
Off her feet and swings. 
He were on a swing. 
The other woman at SOMEONE's table turns to watch as well. 
Spins around, but she swings over SOMEONE again. 
As they move apart, we see SOMEONE watching. 
SOMEONE turns to the woman at her table. 
He frowns to himself as the groom walks off. SOMEONE comes over and pulls up a chair. 
SOMEONE blinks for a moment then sets his chunk of ice on the table. 
He gets up from his seat. 
SOMEONE stares at him aggressively. SOMEONE purses his lips and puffs out his cheeks. 
And his pants split. 
SOMEONE walks off. 
SOMEONE hangs up. 
Her eyes widen as she swallows some food. 
Moving his arms like a robot, he clanks a fork and knife together. 
Stabs the steak off SOMEONE's plate. 
He points across the ballroom then squints. 
Meanwhile, a bartender hands SOMEONE two drinks. 
Spots him and heads over. The two rivals. 
SOMEONE leans on the bar with a cocky smirk. 
He unflinchingly stares down his rival. 
SOMEONE leaves him alone. SOMEONE brings cake. 
He flails his arms. 
As he leaves, SOMEONE puts down the two slices of cake and self-consciously hides her thumb. 
SOMEONE grabs SOMEONE. 
A valet brings them the Mustang and they get in. 
His pretty colleague beams. 
Finding SOMEONE outside, he rolls down his window. 
As he rolls his window back up, SOMEONE frowns slightly. Staring straight ahead, SOMEONE remains motionless in his seat. 
SOMEONE exits the car. 
She holds the door for Griffins ex who climbs in with him. 
SOMEONE looks up at SOMEONE who nods. 
SOMEONE pouts. 
She perks up. 
At the fashion show, SOMEONE leads SOMEONE towards a man. 
hair, who holds a Chinese crested. 
SOMEONE leans towards her. 
SOMEONE's brow creases. 
Eyeing SOMEONE, he rests his lips on his fists as if thinking. 
SOMEONE watches anxiously. 
They ride in the back of a limo. 
SOMEONE frowns. 
As SOMEONE stares with crestfallen eyes, SOMEONE leans. 
He gives a dazed look. 
Blinking, he turns away from her. The corner of his mouth lifts into an. 
Tosses Glen the keys. 
Holsters his invisible guns. As a middle-aged man exams a sports car. 
Keeper stares with predatory eyes. 
And exchange a glance. 
SOMEONE faces the customer. 
SOMEONE hits his head on the car's raised scissor door as he tries to climb inside. He hits his rear on the horn as he attempts to back into the seat. 
Then finally slides his body. 
Now, SOMEONE finds SOMEONE standing outside the new eagle enclosure. 
She looks in a cage. 
An eagle flies out and perches beside another eagle. 
Frowning, SOMEONE shifts her gaze to the eagles. 
She scowls at him. 
She meets his gaze. 
Bowing his head, SOMEONE shakes it. As SOMEONE watches expectantly, he lifts his eyes to hers and nods. 
Her shoulders sag and she gives a disappointed look. 
With a resigned smile, she leans against the railing around the eagle enclosure's glass observation wall and stares out at the birds. SOMEONE blinks at her, his lips parted in a discouraged expression, then glances at the eagles. As he walks off, SOMEONE watches with heartbroken eyes. 
Later, SOMEONE slides open the door to SOMEONE's enclosure and peers inside. He enters with a box of popcorn in one hand. 
With his back to the former zookeeper, SOMEONE sits facing the enclosure's far wall. 
SOMEONE checks his phone's caller ID. 
SOMEONE drops his pained gaze then returns it to SOMEONE who looks away. Shrugging his hands, the former zookeeper opens his mouth to speak then licks his lips and takes a step toward the door. He shoots the gorilla a final glance then leaves. Stepping into the corridor, he slides the door closed and starts. 
He strides over to him. 
Shane shifts his weight. 
Under SOMEONE's firm gaze, Shane swallows hard then nods. He returns a can of pepper spray to its holder on a. 
Pushing the Ferrari's passenger seat forward, he indicates the trunk. His gray-haired customer gives an uncertain look. SOMEONE's smirk fades as a bus pauses on the street outside. It bears an. 
which reads, The eagles have landed. 
Now, at the zoo. 
Now, Venom holds two lizards as he approaches SOMEONE who stares into SOMEONE's pit. 
SOMEONE overhears and frowns. 
Venom gazes at her. 
Closing his eyes, he puckers his lips and leans toward her. As he draws closer, he opens his mouth. 
Later, SOMEONE enters a luxury condo and finds SOMEONE doing yoga. 
She beams at three balls in a row. 
SOMEONE sits on the middle ball. 
SOMEONE faces a floor-to-ceiling window and gazes out at the city. With a dispirited look, he trudges out of the living room. Now. 
Door to SOMEONE's enclosure unlocks and the gorilla. 
Hopeful eyes. He watches as it slides open and. 
Nail tipped stick. SOMEONE turns his back to the goateed zookeeper. 
Stepping closer, Shane rests his stick on his shoulder. 
He reaches into a pants pocket and withdraws an apple. 
He takes a bite then hurls it against the far wall. Apple chunks explode over SOMEONE's head. 
Pepper spray. At the dealership, a salesman talks to his colleague. 
The salesman's head swivel toward the customer. SOMEONE and Nimer exchange a look then both. 
He heads to the door as Nimer greets the high roller. 
SOMEONE stands by the door. 
She opens a velvet box. 
Dropping to one knee, SOMEONE falters then straightens. 
As SOMEONE stares, a mariachi band enters. 
As she leaves the dealership, the band follows. Now SOMEONE sits in his enclosure with his back to the door. 
He sniffs the air, his nostrils twitching. 
Turning, SOMEONE finds SOMEONE back in a zookeeper’s uniform. He smiles and SOMEONE gives a nod. 
The crow lands on the pit wall. 
SOMEONE runs off. 
SOMEONE takes flight. 
In a parking lot, SOMEONE the Gorilla crosses to a van and open. 
SOMEONE stands behind a fence. 
Runs around to the passenger side. 
Rolls out, heads into the road and drives straight into the side of a parked. 
The van doors open and SOMEONE and SOMEONE step out to switch places. Manny unlocks the. 
The gorilla pulls the. 
Later, it cruises down a residential street. 
The van stops short. 
Right past her, he heads upstairs and. 
Shane gets up from a computer in his underwear. 
Wall which crumbles around him. SOMEONE marches out. 
Steering wheel turning sharply around a bend. 
The road at the scene of an accident. 
Apartment buildings. It dead ends in a 15 foot wall. The van. 
To a stop and SOMEONE clambers out on all fours. He follows SOMEONE over to the wall. 
The zookeeper and the gorilla swap a look. 
Now, SOMEONE flies over the wall. 
Meanwhile, SOMEONE steps out of her apartment. 
It rounds a corner. 
As it drives away. 
SOMEONE holds a kayak over his head. He toss. 
As the taxi drives alongside the river, SOMEONE and SOMEONE row after it. 
Support beams to find the kayak arriving below. 
Lifts the portly zookeeper up with one arm. 
They move for the support beam. 
He clings to SOMEONE's back as the gorilla climbs the beam which angles nearly 45 degrees outward. SOMEONE glances around. 
SOMEONE reaches back and pulls. 
Of a spotlight and rises to his feet with the zoo. 
SOMEONE keeps climbing. Our view retracts. 
Bridge as they continue up the beam which now slants. 
Taxi inches along. 
The gorilla dangles above it. 
To the road. SOMEONE gasps as he pulls himself up on the hood of her cab. She gets out. 
She kisses SOMEONE then wraps her arms around his neck and kisses him again. Our view circles the embracing couple. 
In their cars. 
Gorilla then glances upward. 
Words appear, Six months later. 
View of the entire zoo and the. 
SOMEONE steps up beside him. SOMEONE blinks emotionally then. 
Standing on a tall mound of boulders. 
Gentle waterfall. 
Smile with SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE wraps his arm around him. 
A small screen shows the animals singing along with the music. 
Moving to the door, she looks at the head coach and grins. 
She steps out to meet SOMEONE in the hall. 
The bitter assistant coach shares a warm hug with her player. 
Now as we rove over a river toward a city, words appear. 
Arlington, Virginia a few days later. 
At a softball practice. 
Teammates throw balls to SOMEONE who drops them in a bucket beside third base. 
A cellphone rings inside an open duffel bag. 
As SOMEONE looks over, a ball hits her in the face. 
Her mouth bloodied, she answers the phone. 
A woman in a skirt suit barges into SOMEONE's office with a letter. 
He accepts the letter. 
In the office, the boyish businessman opens his letter to find a subpoena for a wire fraud case which reads, United States of America v. SOMEONE Madison. 
Now SOMEONE eats with a friend. 
Now in a classroom. 
The professor steps out to find the businessman texting in the hallway. 
In her office. 
SOMEONE exits the club with a blond man who stops to sign autographs. 
His date continues walking down the alley. 
She turns back. 
He points her around a corner, then runs after her grinning. 
SOMEONE rounds the corner, grabs Lisa, and lifts her off of her feet. 
He backs away from her. 
She nods. 
The gray haired doorman glances at SOMEONE, then takes three steps back to patiently stand beside him. 
SOMEONE glances at each of them, then throws up her arms and starts inside. 
She punches his stomach. 
The next morning, in a well-furnished bedroom with an adjoining balcony, SOMEONE lies alone in bed. 
She sits up and peers across the room, then grabs her slip from a nightstand. 
He sets two frothy, white blender drinks on a ledge, opens a window, and shakes his head. 
He hops on the bed. 
He hands SOMEONE one of the drinks. She eyes its garnishment of fruit and a blue plastic star, then takes a sip. 
She sets it down. 
She grabs her dress and steps out. 
SOMEONE looks around the huge bathroom, which leads to a massive walk-in closet. 
She opens the drawer and finds it filled with unopened toothbrushes of every color and pattern. 
SOMEONE enters. 
SOMEONE takes a brush, then puts her bright red dress on over her matching slip. 
He opens a cabinet filled with women's pink sweat suits. 
Size stickers SOMEONE a stack of sweatshirts. 
She heads out. 
He watches her head out the front door. She starts to pull it shut behind her, then stops and reenters the apartment. 
She storms back down the hallway and returns to the bedroom where SOMEONE sits on his bed. 
He beams. 
With a smile, she leans in. 
Now SOMEONE strolls down a sidewalk in her rumpled red dress, passing another pedestrian. 
A breeze rustles the green leaves of a bush nearby. 
SOMEONE crosses a street, then reaches into her purse as she approaches the front door of a columned apartment building. 
Later inside, she sits at a laptop. 
A USA softball website reads, Announcement of 2011 Team USA. 
SOMEONE clicks on the link and a notice appears, Selection of next year's team delayed. 
SOMEONE deflates, then leaves the laptop. 
Now pedestrians walk past an office building. 
Inside, SOMEONE finds a bespectacled man drying his hands in a men's room. 
He hands him the subpoena. 
The bespectacled man finishes drying a hand, then reads. 
The man's eyes widen. 
He braces himself and takes a breath. 
In SOMEONE's office. 
A bespectacled man with thinning gray hair kisses him on the cheek. 
SOMEONE hands him the subpoena. 
The lawyer peers closely over his shoulder to read along. 
SOMEONE picks up his phone receiver and dials. 
A pregnant, auburn haired woman enters. 
SOMEONE furiously leaps up to punch him from behind, but SOMEONE stops her. 
Ron sits with SOMEONE and dictates to her. 
As SOMEONE exits the office, SOMEONE notes his dejected expression. Outside, SOMEONE crosses the street. 
He stops and presses a hand to his forehead. 
Glancing out a window, Ron spots SOMEONE sulking across the street. 
Rising from the table, he faces the window and takes out his cell. He makes a call. 
Outside, SOMEONE fishes his phone from his pocket and answers. 
SOMEONE stares up at the fourth floor office window. 
Ron hangs up, leaving SOMEONE staring up at him. 
Later in an apartment, SOMEONE makes a call. 
His girlfriend eyes him from behind a desk. 
He hangs up. 
She rises. She moves to SOMEONE. 
She moves to SOMEONE and squats in front of him, resting her hands on his knees. 
She briefly rubs his legs. 
Gaping, SOMEONE leaves. 
Later, he grills a steak on a patio balcony, his tie discarded and his shirt untucked. 
He sprinkles seasoning on the meat, his hand jerking the container more and more aggressively as he loses composure. 
Stabbing a fork into the steak, he flips it repeatedly, then suddenly hurls it off the balcony. 
Now inside, he pours vodka into a shot glass and eyeballs it. 
He pours half of the glass back into the bottle, then empties the remainder into a cocktail shaker. 
He adds a spoonful of horseradish, some Worcestershire sauce and tomato juice, then shakes it all up. 
With a celery stalk, he stirs his glass of Bloody Mary, then takes a sip. 
Later, SOMEONE fills his empty glass with more Bloody SOMEONE. 
The image dissolves to him clumsily refilling the glass with straight vodka. 
Now he points a remote control. 
He sings into a lamp like a microphone. 
He grabs another drink. 
Now in the bathroom, SOMEONE urinates. He grabs his phone with his free hand. 
SOMEONE muffles his phone inside a towel. 
Holding it away from the toilet, he flushes. 
He rinses his hand. 
She lifts her shirt and pats her enormous belly. 
Heading down a staircase, SOMEONE trips and slides to the bottom on his back. 
With a grin, he rises, unharmed. 
Hanging her head, SOMEONE squeezes her eyes shut. 
They tear up as she opens them. 
With a furrowed brow, SOMEONE hangs up. 
He briefly presses his fingers to his forehead, then leans back in his chair. 
Rising, he straightens his T-shirt as he trudges out of his living room. 
He pauses, opens his phone, and makes a call. 
Meanwhile, SOMEONE rides on a bus. 
She pulls her phone from her bag and answers. 
SOMEONE frowns uncertainly. 
SOMEONE leans on a wall and slips. 
He lowers his phone and folds it shut. 
The next morning, two women stroll across the street in front of SOMEONE's apartment building. 
Inside, she lies asleep in bed. 
She bolts awake and glances around. 
As she throws back her covers, her legs get tangled in the sheets and she wrestles them off. 
She strides to a table and grabs her phone. 
Its display reads, Missed call Coach SOMEONE. 
Frowning, SOMEONE runs a hand through her mussed hair. 
She turns to her computer, which displays the softball team website, and clicks on the link for the announcement of the 2011 team. 
A window appears. 
Click to see next year's lineup. 
SOMEONE shifts her gaze to her phone, then picks it up and reads a text message from Riva, I'm coming over. 
Setting the phone back down, she sits at her laptop and types frantically. 
She scrolls through the team lineup, but doesn't find her name. 
A blue asterisk blinks on the roster, indicating a new player. 
The position reads, Cam Austin, second base. 
SOMEONE drops her head. 
Pressing her lips together, she closes her eyes. 
She lifts her gaze back to the laptop and stares at it. 
Her chest heaving then closes her eyes again. 
She reopens them and stares at the blue asterisk, blinking beside her replacement's name. 
Now in her bathroom. SOMEONE grabs her electric toothbrush. The mirror is covered in inspirational quotes written on sticky notes, including, Obstacles are what you see when you lose sight of your goal. 
Blinking rapidly, SOMEONE starts to brush her teeth. 
As her gaze scans the brightly colored notes, she stops brushing and closes her lips around her toothbrush. 
With sad eyes, she resumes brushing. 
She closes her eyes and tears slide down her cheeks. 
As her face crumples, she lowers her toothbrush from her mouth. 
Her hand dropping heavily on the counter. 
Her mouth trembles. 
A froth of toothpaste clinging to her lower lip. 
She reads two quotes; Courage is mastery of fear, not absence of fear. 
Don't judge anybody before you check yourself out. 
You're lucky when it's your fault, because you can correct the situation. 
Her expression hardens. 
She leans over the sink. Eyeing her reflection, she wipes her mouth, then heads off. 
Now SOMEONE leaves his building. 
SOMEONE sprints away. 
In his suit and dress shoes. SOMEONE blinks and stares. 
Now SOMEONE dons a skirt as her teammates visit. 
She heads for the door. 
Now SOMEONE marches down a city street. 
Pausing at a corner, she wipes a tear, ruefully checks her fingers for runny makeup and rolls her eyes. 
Now at an elegant restaurant, she approaches a well-dressed Maître d'. 
The Maître d' leads her onto a balcony and gestures down toward a solitary figure at a table. 
SOMEONE sits slumped, his head in his hands. 
The grinning Maître d' leads on. 
He obligingly excuses himself. 
Heading along the balcony, SOMEONE regards her date uncertainly. 
Now she arrives at his table. 
He looks up pitiably. 
He springs to his feet. 
SOMEONE slips into the high-backed booth. 
SOMEONE shrugs her brow and frowns. 
SOMEONE's eyes narrow. 
SOMEONE picks up her menu and SOMEONE nods. 
SOMEONE rolls her eyes, then studies her menu. 
SOMEONE stares helplessly at her. 
Smiling, SOMEONE stares at her. 
His eyes twinkle and he gives a stunned shake of the head. 
He amiably shuts his mouth and faces his menu. 
SOMEONE fidgets her fingers, allows a small half-smile, and nods. 
Later, they dine on spaghetti and meatballs. 
SOMEONE cuts a chunk of tomato and eats it. 
SOMEONE sneaks glances at her as he chews. 
His date shifts her worried gaze, occasionally eyeing him impassively. 
Her features contorting in a pensive frown. 
SOMEONE stops eating and leans back in her seat. 
Her lips part and her stubborn chin juts forward. 
SOMEONE studies her intently. 
His brow lifts and he stops chewing. 
Catching him staring, SOMEONE gives a nervous half-smile and looks down. 
SOMEONE's lips curl into a dreamy-eyed smile. 
He opens the restaurant door for SOMEONE and follows her out with a goofy grin. 
He shrugs and beams at her. 
SOMEONE creases her lips, sizing him up. 
SOMEONE watches her go with his boyish grin. 
Now SOMEONE uses his cellphone as he leaves his building. 
In a bar, SOMEONE talks on the phone. 
SOMEONE faces SOMEONE, the doorman. 
The doorman chuckles, points, and steps away. 
Now SOMEONE plods up a flight of stairs. 
Entering her apartment, she finds a bouquet of flowers with an attached construction paper card, reading, We love you, Smalls. Dozens of other notes surround the gift, and SOMEONE sits behind the display. 
Now in SOMEONE's apartment. 
He crosses to the door. 
SOMEONE sulks into the living room. She halts abruptly and looks around. 
He leads her to a couch. 
As she sits, he lies down and puts his head in her lap. 
SOMEONE squirms an arm out from under his shoulder and sets her bag on the floor. 
Daytime. SOMEONE ushers SOMEONE through a dignified office building's thriving lobby. 
Reaching a reception desk, they peer at a vast wall mounted directory. 
SOMEONE brushes off his son's suit jacket as he guides him along. 
Now they sit side-by-side on a waiting room couch, both resting their hands on their parted knees and drumming their fingers. Later, SOMEONE faces a bearded man. 
SOMEONE's head droops forward and he bites his upper lip. 
Now SOMEONE arrives in a tasteful office where a man with a closely trimmed beard waits at a desk. 
He gestures to a SOMEONE to sit on chair or ottoman. 
SOMEONE perches on the ottoman. 
As he takes a seat facing her. 
The kind-faced man crosses his legs. 
The psychiatrist patiently lifts his chin. 
Narrowing her eyes, SOMEONE gives an appreciative nod and starts to leave. 
She halts in the doorway and turns around. 
SOMEONE leaves then reappears in his doorway. 
As rain pours, party guests in summery clothes crowd a home. 
SOMEONE gets food at a buffet while SOMEONE waits on a covered terrace. 
Seeing her through a window he notices her watching the man beside him fondling a woman's breast. 
SOMEONE pulls the man's hand down and directs their attention to SOMEONE. 
The woman scowls and puts her date's hand back on her breast. 
SOMEONE brings SOMEONE food. 
SOMEONE glances toward the partiers inside. 
SOMEONE shifts in his seat and gives a sheepishly obliging shrug. 
SOMEONE gives a meek, pleased smile. 
Now a bird's eye view shows an umbrella only half sheltering SOMEONE's plate of BBQ. 
He and SOMEONE share the umbrella. 
SOMEONE sadly throws the plate in a trash bin. 
Later at his place. 
He grins and SOMEONE gives him an irritated look. 
Standing behind her he wraps his arms around her waist. 
SOMEONE nods. 
He pours Cheerios. 
He adds Life cereal to their bowls 
SOMEONE gives him a nod. SOMEONE pours blueberries over their cereal. 
SOMEONE gives her a bowl. 
With a mouthful of cereal, SOMEONE shifts her thoughtful eyes. She gives SOMEONE an expectant look. 
SOMEONE shakes his head. 
He slaps her shoulder. 
As he starts to eat his cereal, SOMEONE gives him an appreciative look. 
SOMEONE stops eating and looks over with wide eyes. 
He gives a disturbed look and she playfully punches his arm. 
Now our view tilts up from the lobby doors past the engraved entablature just below the second story. 
Bowlen building. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE lie with their heads at the foot of his bed. 
SOMEONE claps and the lights turn on. 
She points at him. 
As he leans over her, she punches his shoulder twice. The lights turn off. 
On another day, SOMEONE sits on the bench in the National's bullpen smiling to himself. 
He stares off dreamily. 
He blinks himself out of his reverie. 
An opposing player rounds third toward home plate. 
A National's outfielder makes an amazing catch, right over the wall of the bullpen. 
His teammates swivel their heads toward him. 
Shrugging his hands a ball player rises. 
Starting his warm-up he catches a ball. 
SOMEONE catches the ball again, then leans toward him. 
SOMEONE's shoulders heave. 
Later in the National's training room, SOMEONE holds his phone to his ear as he runs in a pool treadmill. 
In her apartment, SOMEONE removes the bag from the trashcan. 
She lets the can fall as she goes to the phone. 
SOMEONE's jaw drops. 
Hanging up, SOMEONE glances around, then returns her attention to the trash bag. 
Grinning she flips open her phone. 
A trainer brings him ice. 
SOMEONE's mouth lifts into a crooked SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE shifts her eyes. 
With a thoughtful look, SOMEONE hangs up. 
Now she packs a duffel bag in her room. 
SOMEONE shakes her head. 
The assistant coach rises from the arm of a sofa and hugs her. 
SOMEONE answers his front door. 
She indicates a large stack of bags and suitcases. 
In his closet, SOMEONE opens a drawer that's only one third empty. 
She nods and they share a smile. 
Glancing back at the drawer she shrugs. 
Now at an apartment above a bakery. 
SOMEONE rises from a desk at a bay window. Boxes and other packed items line his small living room and hallway. 
He opens the door. 
SOMEONE carries in a grocery bag. 
SOMEONE loads the fridge. 
SOMEONE waddles to an armchair and sinks down in it. 
She stands. 
Standing in front of him, SOMEONE bites her lip and eyes him skeptically. 
She takes a few steps away and gives him a sidelong look. 
With her thoughtful gaze still locked on his face 
she cocks her heads and studies him. 
She sets her hands on her hips. 
She juts out her jaw, then curls her lips together. 
SOMEONE stands ready to exit his apartment. 
She heads to the kitchen. 
SOMEONE approaches the Bowlen Building. 
Meanwhile, SOMEONE makes a call from the desk in his study. 
SOMEONE stops in the lobby. 
SOMEONE closes his eyes. 
He shuts his phone then letting his upper body go limp, slams his head onto a decorative table and holds it there. 
The doorman and a concierge stare at him. 
Now SOMEONE trudges into an elevator. 
As he rubs his forehead SOMEONE rushes through the open doors. 
With a bag of groceries slung over her shoulder, she stands beside him as he rubs his face. 
His hand descends to his mouth, pulling down his lower lip. 
SOMEONE glances over. 
He looks at her, then quickly releases his lip. 
Later, SOMEONE follows SOMEONE into SOMEONE's apartment, carrying the bag of groceries. 
She takes it into the kitchen. 
SOMEONE looks around. 
He hurries over. 
Entering, SOMEONE frowns at seeing SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE gives a comprehending nod, then smiles at him. 
SOMEONE wears a disgruntled look. 
Smiling tightly, she jerks her to the side, then moves off. 
SOMEONE follows with a long sigh. 
SOMEONE peers after them as they enter another room. 
SOMEONE stares with disbelieving eyes. 
She blinks up at him. 
Following her into the hall, he glances at George, who looks away. 
Now SOMEONE packs. 
SOMEONE opens the front door and SOMEONE stalks to the elevator with her bags and suitcases in tow. 
She steps inside and hits a button. As the doors slide shut, SOMEONE shakes his head. 
He pats SOMEONE's shoulder. 
Now SOMEONE races down the stairwell, jumping onto each landing as he rounds the next flight. 
In the lobby, the doorman rushes to keep ahead of SOMEONE and opens the door for her. 
She marches outside. 
SOMEONE dashes out the main door. Spotting SOMEONE he skids to a stop and puts on a casual expression. He pretends to gaze down the street. 
He grins. 
He takes a bag. 
He tips the doorman. 
He and SOMEONE start off down the street. 
As they head to a bus stop, the doorman answers an intercom phone. 
He sets down the phone receiver and jogs toward George, who waits behind SOMEONE a short distance away. 
As the doorman opens his mouth to call him 
he notices SOMEONE shaking his head giddily then looking skyward with a grateful smile. 
Grinning sympathetically, SOMEONE returns to the intercom. 
He watches as SOMEONE follows SOMEONE on to a bus, hauling up her roller bag. 
Later at his downsized apartment, SOMEONE helps SOMEONE carry in her luggage. She sets down her bags, then takes out her cellphone and charger. 
She notes SOMEONE's boxes. 
His fridge is packed with food from SOMEONE. 
He checks his cell and ignores a call from dad. 
He enters the kitchen. 
She opens his fridge, finding the vast array of neatly labeled homemade items. 
As SOMEONE sets his jacket down she joins him at the counter and grabs a fork. 
SOMEONE leaves the galley kitchen and unplugs her cellphone from its charger. She steps aside. 
He peeks at her. 
Rolling up his sleeves, he smirks. She faces him. 
She tosses down her phone. 
SOMEONE considers the idea. 
She frowns. 
He crosses to the door. 
SOMEONE deflates. 
Left alone in the cluttered second floor apartment she glances around and wanders over to a bay window. 
Peering outside she spots SOMEONE who holds up a six-pack of Guinness on his way back across the 
He runs in front of an oncoming car. 
He barely avoids getting hit. 
SOMEONE shakes her head and leaves the window. 
Now on the phone. 
SOMEONE slides open his cellphone and aims it at his sad face. 
He checks the pic, then sets up a second shot. 
He tilts his head and milks the pout a little more. 
Now SOMEONE adds three dashes of bitters to highball glass, drops in a single sugar cube and measures some Maker's SOMEONE in a metal shot cup. 
In the living room, SOMEONE grabs her near-empty glass of Guinness and takes a sip. 
SOMEONE squints as he stirs his creation, then smiles. 
He shakes the drink. 
SOMEONE hears him singing. 
She turns to eye him and he stares back, then enters the living room with two cocktails. 
SOMEONE downs the last of her Guinness. 
She accepts the cloudy, peach tinted beverage. 
SOMEONE sits across from her on the floor. 
He raises his glass. 
He taps her, then taps her again. 
She sets her drink aside. 
He stands. SOMEONE straightens her posture. 
She sits up. 
SOMEONE sits beside her on the couch. 
She squints distantly then gestures with her sleeve-covered hand. 
SOMEONE lowers her tearful gaze, then notes SOMEONE beside her. 
She self-consciously stands up. 
She tugs the hem of her shirt and rubs her nose. 
SOMEONE watches her pace across the room and take a seat on a cushioned chair. 
SOMEONE glances at her host. 
SOMEONE brightens. 
Laughing uncontrollably, SOMEONE hunches forward. 
She leaves her seat and crosses to her phone. 
SOMEONE nods softly. 
She unplugs her cellphone and 
flips it open to check the caller ID. 
He finds a scrap of paper. 
His note reads, I went nuts when you left, I broke a lamp. 
A shade and exposed light bulb dangle crookedly. 
With his back to her, SOMEONE purses his lips and sighs. 
He regards her affably. 
She eyes him awkwardly as he stands. 
Later on the street. SOMEONE raises his arm for a taxi. 
He smiles warmly, then resumes trying for a cab. 
Unseen by her, SOMEONE makes a fist and grimaces. 
He lowers his arm, then turns and faces SOMEONE squarely. 
A taxi stops. 
SOMEONE smiles, meeting his eyes. 
They share a pleasant nod. 
SOMEONE taps on the rear of the parked taxi. 
He opens the trunk, then helps SOMEONE load in her luggage. 
He stows the largest first, then she helps with the two smaller bags. 
He smiles and shuts the trunk. 
He nods and follows her to the passenger door. 
SOMEONE smiles softly, with a touch of sadness, then gets in the cab. 
SOMEONE shuts the door, then impulsively leans close to her open window. 
They share a warm smile, then he leaves the window and the cab drives away. 
SOMEONE watches her go, tightens his lips, then plods back toward his apartment across the street. 
Pedestrians enjoy a sunny day by a lofty stone fountain. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE sit on a bench. 
SOMEONE glances at her. 
He buries his face in his hand and she wraps her arm around him. 
Nighttime at the Bowlen Building. 
Now SOMEONE stands tensely in an elevator. 
Now with his father. 
SOMEONE sits on a velvet couch facing his father. 
It's SOMEONE plainly. 
SOMEONE paces. 
Arms akimbo the bespectacled older man glances at his son and nods. 
He shuffles back to his chair and retakes his seat. 
SOMEONE gesticulates. 
A devastated SOMEONE covers his moth. 
SOMEONE gawks at his dad. 
Stands over SOMEONE. 
In SOMEONE's apartment 
sitting alone he text messages. 
She enters the room to find him texting. 
He sheepishly pockets his cell. 
He kisses her cheek. 
He picks up his bags. 
Leads SOMEONE to the couch and sits on the coffee table. 
SOMEONE gets up. 
Barefoot she marches to the door. 
She crosses the outer hall. 
She presses the elevator button. 
She grabs his bags. 
She puts them on the elevator. 
SOMEONE notes her flushed complexion. 
He kisses her cheek. 
She walks away. 
The elevator door shut. 
SOMEONE shuts the apartment doors, then turns and rubs her face. 
Back with SOMEONE and SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE sits on the couch between SOMEONE and a pillow decorated with a sand crab. 
SOMEONE gives a sympathetic pout then screws up his mouth. 
He rubs his father’s shoulder, 
startling him. 
He eyes SOMEONE's hand on his shoulder. 
SOMEONE looks away. 
His lips press tightly together, SOMEONE looks up sheepishly at his glaring son. 
Taking a breath he draws himself up and rubs his legs. 
SOMEONE rolls his eyes. 
His gaze hardening, he purses his lips. 
SOMEONE gives a small, remorseful shrug. 
His son shifts on his feet. 
He rubs his face with both hands. 
SOMEONE hurries out. 
Now at a softball game. 
SOMEONE applauds from the sidelines. 
Fans behind her hold homemade signs and wear American flag patterned clothing. 
On the field, her former coaches and teammates congratulate each other. 
SOMEONE's smile fades. 
The American players line up facing their opponents from Australia and they exchange sporting high fives. 
SOMEONE's brow knits and her chest heaves. 
She walks away. 
Later, she rides a commuter train, woefully biting her thumbnail and fidgeting her fingers. 
Now words type out on a computer screen. 
Facing his laptop SOMEONE pauses and reads his letter over. 
He picks up his cell phone from a stack of papers. 
He eyes his cell. 
It's Lisa, down on the sidewalk. 
She faces away from him. 
He stares down at her. 
She turns, he ducks. 
Facing the street, SOMEONE pouts. 
SOMEONE yields a comforted nod. 
SOMEONE grins down at her. 
Unnoticing, SOMEONE shifts on her feet nervously. 
Ending the call, SOMEONE smiles down at her again. 
He springs from his seat. 
Rushing around his living room, he gathers up laundry and stacks books on a coffee table. 
Downstairs SOMEONE paces before the Cafe/Bakery under his apartment. 
Later she leans against a display window. 
Stepping forward 
she cranes her neck to look up at SOMEONE's window. 
Now in his apartment. 
The door opens to reveal a smiling SOMEONE. 
She turns away. 
She pauses on the landing. 
SOMEONE stares off with an embarrassed frown. 
She marches up, enters the apartment, and pauses to face SOMEONE. 
As he covers her mouse she cocks a fist. 
Releasing her he backs off, open hands raised. 
SOMEONE frowns, gives a small nod and turns away. 
SOMEONE looks back and forth between her and his cell. 
As she sits he answers the phone. 
He glances at SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE faces Lisa, his green eyes sparkling. 
SOMEONE gets to her feet. 
Heading out she halts. 
Now an older couple coos over SOMEONE and a newborn in a blue cap and blanket. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE arrive in the doorway. 
SOMEONE faces SOMEONE questioningly. 
He kisses her. 
His parents leave. 
As SOMEONE to SOMEONE's side, the new mom regards SOMEONE. 
SOMEONE ventures to the bed. 
SOMEONE points at the newborn. 
SOMEONE gawks enchanted. 
She answers a phone by her bed. 
The baby's cap slides off. 
SOMEONE gently slips it back on. 
SOMEONE cues SOMEONE for a discreet exit. 
SOMEONE's gaze darkens as SOMEONE walks in with two presents. 
Behind him, a tall burly man walks in with flowers. 
The newcomer hands the flowers to SOMEONE. SOMEONE gives a relieved smile. 
He shakes SOMEONE's hand. 
SOMEONE shows the gifts. 
He offers a blue present, then sets the pink one down too. 
SOMEONE faces his son cautiously. 
He turns away. 
Eating ice chips with a spoon, SOMEONE looks back and forth between the father and son. 
SOMEONE strolls over to SOMEONE and greets her with a smile. 
looks to SOMEONE. 
He faces George, who gives a smirk and broad shrug. 
He faces SOMEONE. 
He leaves with a tense smile. 
SOMEONE leans on her. 
SOMEONE hands SOMEONE a camcorder. 
He pulls the chair up to SOMEONE and his brand new son. 
They share a tearful loving embrace, their newborn between them. 
SOMEONE smiles wistfully. SOMEONE beams holding the aimed camera. 
SOMEONE's smile vanishes. 
SOMEONE sits. 
SOMEONE giddily bites her lip. 
Smiling SOMEONE looks to SOMEONE and finds him beaming tenderly at her, camcorder in hand. 
SOMEONE gives her fiancée an affectionate slug on the shoulder and they share a laugh. 
SOMEONE flashes a bashful smile, and shuts the camcorder's display window. 
He and SOMEONE stroll outside through the hospital's revolving door. 
They walk close together, their hands swinging gently at their sides. 
The twosome approaches a bus stop. 
SOMEONE stands before SOMEONE as she sits on a bench. 
A wistful smile plays on her pixie-like features. 
He beams fondly. 
A city bus turns into view and nears the stop. 
SOMEONE gets to her feet. 
Shifts his desperate gaze as the bus doors open. 
SOMEONE steps on. 
SOMEONE storms off. 
As he marches alongside the bus 
SOMEONE watches him through a window. 
His arms give an angry flail. 
Wearing a confused frown SOMEONE blinks at him. 
As the bus pulls away she averts her thoughtful gaze. 
Her eyes widen and she pulls the stop cord. 
The bus lurches to a halt at the curb. 
SOMEONE hurries off and moves around the front of the bus. 
Spreading her arms in a bewildered shrug, she strides briskly toward her friend. 
Step face to face. 
Another bus arrives. 
SOMEONE's mirthful grin fades. 
SOMEONE faces the bus, and her wistful smile returns. 
She jerks her thumb at the hospital and shakes her head. 
SOMEONE watches her climb aboard the bus. 
SOMEONE gives a small hopeful smile. 
Beaming tenderly, SOMEONE shakes his head. 
SOMEONE faces the stout driver and sweeps her bus pass over a scanner. 
Now at home. 
SOMEONE eyes a list in two columns. The first headed, reasons against reads, I don't want to go to jail, I'm scared. 
The reason for column lists I don't want my father to spend the rest of his life in jail. He's scared. 
SOMEONE crumples the page and takes out his cell. 
He puts the phone to his ear and sits. 
In his study, SOMEONE pauses at some paperwork and answers. 
He ends the call excitedly. 
Back in her own apartment, SOMEONE munches a cracker as she lounges, facing her TV. 
In a well-tailored dark gray suit, SOMEONE arrives at his father's building. At the entrance, sexy model types in slinky clothes line up at a table. 
Later he arrives at a door. 
A legal team files out. 
SOMEONE leads his son into his study and sits behind his cluttered desk. 
He gestures to a chair. 
SOMEONE totes a brown paper bag. 
SOMEONE averts his gaze, his lips creasing emotionally. 
SOMEONE stifles his jaw from dropping. 
Grinning SOMEONE hurries out. 
SOMEONE gives a half-hearted wave. 
On SOMEONE's vast penthouse patio, elegant place settings line tables. 
Two vendors wheeling bushels of live lobsters. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE chat in the walk-in closet. 
He pulls out a chair. 
He hands her a box. 
He bends slightly and bobs his shoulder. 
He sits. 
He unwraps it for her and hands it back. 
Inside, SOMEONE finds a diamond encrusted wristwatch. 
As SOMEONE beams, SOMEONE's lips stutter. 
She puts it on. 
SOMEONE's shoulder. 
He leaves the adjoining bathroom. 
In the hall they pass some guests. 
As a teammate leads SOMEONE away, SOMEONE snags SOMEONE. 
They walk out onto the vacant patio, and SOMEONE pulls out a chair for her. 
He sits kitty corner from her and sets down the small paper bag. 
She uncurls the bag's crumpled top and reaches inside. 
SOMEONE watches as she fishes out a present. 
Wrapped in polka dot paper, like a hard candy, 
it bears a cheerful red ribbon tied on each end. 
SOMEONE gives him a smile, then carefully unties one of the bows. 
SOMEONE shifts his anxious eyes between her and the present. 
SOMEONE very patiently slides the ribbon off the end of the tube shaped gift. 
As she moves on to the other bow, she pauses. 
Her eyes flicker over SOMEONE. 
He lifts his brow. 
With a smile, he watches SOMEONE slide off the second bow. 
Unwrapping the gift, she finds a child's tub of Play-Doh. 
As she examines it, her diamond watch glitters on her wrist. 
He gives her a nod. 
He takes the Play-Doh from her and eyes it. 
He stares into her eyes. 
She holds his gaze for a moment, then looks down with a touched expression. 
A hint of tears glistens in her eyes. 
She returns her gaze to him. 
SOMEONE nods, her eyes glistening. 
Her gaze remains locked on him 
and he gives her a tender smile. 
She glances at the Play-Doh. 
SOMEONE nods, his eyes misty as well. 
She shakes her head. 
She sets the Play-Doh back inside the paper bag and crumples down the top. 
Avoiding SOMEONE's gaze, she stands and he follows suit. 
She walks back into the apartment, leaving him staring after her. 
Inside, SOMEONE strolls past three chatting women. 
She shows them. 
As the three women chat, SOMEONE lifts her gaze from the watch. 
On the patio, SOMEONE shakes SOMEONE's hand, then hurries along. 
He pulls SOMEONE aside. 
He winces. SOMEONE waves at him. 
He heads off. 
SOMEONE watches with a curious look as SOMEONE opens the door and turns to her again. 
He opens his mouth to speak. 
Brightly shrugs an arm and lets his fist open up in a self-deprecating flourish. 
He leaves. 
And SOMEONE's amused 
smile fades. 
SOMEONE joins her. 
They head away from their party guests. 
Outside by the bus stop a couple strolls by SOMEONE as he paces, his shoulders sagging. 
The headlights of passing cars cast their warm glow on the wet pavement. 
Inside the apartment. 
SOMEONE and SOMEONE enter the vacant bedroom. 
SOMEONE closes the door. 
He watches as she removes the diamond watch. 
SOMEONE shifts her eyes. 
She turns to the door. 
He nods, his eyes saddened. 
His lips fumble. 
SOMEONE rushes over and hugs him. He holds her tightly. 
His shoulders heave. 
SOMEONE touches her lips to his neck. 
SOMEONE continues to trudge back and forth by the bus stop. 
On a balcony above, SOMEONE talks on a phone. 
He hangs up then pockets his cell. 
Looking down he sees his son on the sidewalk. 
The lofty view shows SOMEONE fold his arms, bow his head, and stamp his feet. 
With a concerned look, he thrusts his hand on the balcony railing. 
A lawyer behind him checks his watch. 
Down below, SOMEONE exits the building. 
She stops just outside the door as she sees SOMEONE. 
He gives her a relieved grin. SOMEONE takes a few steps toward him then pauses. 
Shaking his head, SOMEONE shrugs his hands and smiles. 
SOMEONE quirks a smile and replies in kind. 
SOMEONE beams. 
As SOMEONE walks over 
SOMEONE watches from the balcony. 
His lips spreading into a grin. 
His mouth suddenly drops into a knowing. 
He heads back into his apartment. 
By the bus stop SOMEONE gazes at SOMEONE. 
As she starts for the bus stop, SOMEONE grabs her by the shoulders and presses his lips to hers. Her brow lifts as he kisses her. 
Then her shoulders relax and she wraps her arms around him, pulling him close. 
With her eyes closed, SOMEONE rests her face against his shoulder. SOMEONE leans his head against hers. His eyes close too. 
His smile fades and his eyes pop open. 
SOMEONE opens her eyes. She rolls them, then slides out of SOMEONE's embrace. 
She gives him an amused look. 
She holds his gaze for a moment, Then walks to the bus stop. 
SOMEONE smiles, then follows. 
He sits beside her on the bench inside the glass shelter. 
Facing her he squares his shoulders. 
He smiles. 
SOMEONE blinks, then looks away, her brow furrowing. 
As she returns her gaze to his, 
the corner of her mouth lifts into an 
astonished smile. 
She eyes him for a moment, then turns away. 
Reaching over, she places her hand on top of his hand. 
SOMEONE closes his fingers around hers. 
With a tender expression, SOMEONE watches as she shakes her head. 
She meets his gaze with a smile. SOMEONE grins. 
As they sit side by side holding hands, 
he leans forward and looks up the street. 
He turns to SOMEONE and gives her a nod. 
Still holding her hand, he rises. 
The bus arrives, eclipsing them from view. 
The bus pulls away, leaving the bench inside the quaint shelter empty. 
